Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Willy S
Paris, France1 contribution
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Thank you Halong Legacy Legend Cruise
Apr 2015 • Solo
I had a great trip from Halong bay with Halong Legacy Legend Cruise. Everything was done smoothly. We’re picked up in time from my hotel with good shuttle bus & mineral water. The impressive accommodating on board with fresh welcome drinks by friendly staff. The boat is really new and lovely with well organized, comfortable room and nice bathroom, good Wi-Fi and large sundeck with many chairs where you can sunbathe. Enjoyed many exciting activities: Visiting cave, kayaking, swimming, visiting floating village in the BaiTu Long bay…Highly recommend!
Written May 22, 2015
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
boy b
Perth, Australia21 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
they must call it a junk boat because of the junk on the water
Jan 2015 • Couples
the water is filthy, it just shows you how f this county is because of tourism. not worth the 4 hour drive, though neither is the meekong...vietnam BLAH, the need to look at why they only have a return rate of 5%.. rudest people in the world!
Written January 23, 2015
Kevin O
Perth, Australia4 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong City Hospital
Sep 2013 • Solo
I suffered a case of food poisoning and ended up at Halong City Hospital.
The people were kind and understanding and provided an interpreter and
my own room. They did all the tests and x-rays and gave me medicine.
The next day I was allowed to leave and cost me 4 million dong(200 aus)
Thanks again to the staff at Halong City Hospital.
Written July 11, 2014
Sandra F
Victoria9 contributions
Gorgeous
May 2014 • Couples
Halong Bay is gorgeous. We loved swimming in the warm water. Kayaking was also great. We were glad we chose Dragon Pearl for the trip as there were not too many boats in the area we were in.
Written June 5, 2014
gzuizuglio
Ljubljana, Slovenia4 contributions
Halong bay boats
Oct 2013 • Family
I was in Halong bay several times before and always boat ride on clasical Vietnames boats was a very nice experience and boats were all nicely decorated in different shapes and colours. We wisited Halong Bay in the end of october 2013 and found out that all boats are painted in white - dissaster all those nice boats turned into old fishing wessels. They say that the mayor ordered all boats to be painted in white so that they can better see each other at night, the other option is that mayor wife has painting company. Whatever the truth is the boats now looks terible and more than 50% of the Halong bay experience is lost. I mean those hills are quite nice but if there is a charming boat floating by the picture is much nicer. Who would like to drive from Hanoi for almost 4 hours one way to see countless nicely shaped rocks standing from the sea covered with ugly, dirty white boats that looks like fishing sheeps in need of serious reapir.
Thats my experience in Ha Long bay which for me used to be one of highlights of Vietnam now it is a complete dissaster so don't go there and hopefully major will decide that boat owners can paint their boats as they wish, as they did before. Maybe Halong bay will get its charms back.
Written November 6, 2013
Barbara B
Vancouver, WA189 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Know before you go
We spent 1 night on Marguerite junk cruising HaLong Bay. Our cost was $250.00 US for two including transportation, food, lodging and 2 bottles of water. Our toue director was Thang and he was very good. When we got to the bay we had to board a tender. The air was so poluted from the diesel fuel that I had difficulty breathing. it was very crowded. We got out to the junk boat and it was quite run down. The room was dark and dingy, the bathroom was dark and dirty and the steps were very steep and narrow.
As we cruised out to see the bay the black smoke coming from the back engines was choking as we ate at tables with the back windows opened. There were fans but they would not turn them on. No a/c until 8pm so we went to the top deck to get some air. The lounge chairs were broken down and it smelled horrible from the pollution in the bay. Such a shame.
we saw raw sweage being dumped and it was common to see tiolet paper that had not broken down yet, trash and oil floating on the surface.
I have enclosed photos because I would have liked to have seen what I was getting myself into and the other boasts out there were looking pretty sorry as well. If I would have Known I wouold have been prepared.
My best advice is to stay at a hotel then go out for a day tour. I can stay just about anywhere but I just wishI had known up front
Written March 24, 2013
chayler
Bexley, OH44 contributions
Best Tour Company!
Feb 2013 • Couples
We used HalongSapa Tours for our tour of Halong Bay and they were great. We were unsure if we wanted to go to Bai Tu Long Bay or Halong and Cham at HalongSapa Tours walked us through the differences in the two areas. She also helped us to understand the differences between all of the possible boats we were looking at. Then when I finally booked the trip I messed up the date and she was able to get us on the same boat on the correct day. HanlongSapa Tours and Cham were fantastic!
Written March 19, 2013
cbp59716
Big Sky, MT75 contributions
One of the wonders of the world
Nov 2012 • Friends
Absolutely beautiful, magical in fact. A must on anyone's trip through Vietnam. There are day cruises and overnight ones. I recommend an overnight because waking up among these thousands of islands is an incredible experience.
Written December 4, 2012
katies689
San Jose4 contributions
Amazing trip in Halong Bay with Halongsapa Tours
Aug 2012 • Family
We dealt with a very delightful woman from Halongsapa Tours, her name is Cham, and her equally pleasant husband just as some reviewer on Tripdadvisor said. She took care of our travels in Vietnam.
The morning we woke up for the bus trip to Halong Bay from Hanoi, we found with disappointment that a typhoon (same as a hurricane) that was heading towards Hainan and North Vietnam from South China sea. A couple at our hotel said that their tour to Halong Bay was cancelled due to the storm so we thought our trip would be cancelled too. So we thought that our trip would be ruined by the weather, but the luck was on our side.
While we were being worried, we received a call from Cham (she gave us a cell phone in case of emergency), she said that the risk of the storm coming into Halong Bay was only a 50% chance and she would give us a full refund including free lunch and transportation cost if the trip was cancelled. We were still not so sure but we were still going because that’s the reason why we went to Vietnam. Four hours on shuttle bus was no fun and we did not feel relieved until we arrived the port and got on the boat.
To our surprise, the weather actually was beautiful and the sea was calm. My family and I stayed overnight on the Indochina Sails Premium, this boat has very nice handiwork on the wall by Vietnamese craftsmen and very elegant overall interior design. Our cabin has a private balcony so we had full privacy relaxing and enjoying Halong Bay. After a delicious lunch, we started to visit caves, did kayaking and visited the Titop Island. Lying on the sundeck, we had a great view of the mountains on the sea and took a lot of pictures.
Halong Bay is absolutely fantastic if you enjoy fishing too. My brothers and dad were really excited about the night squid fishing even although they didn’t catch any of them! For my mom and me, we were awed by the little boats selling fruit that we saw when we were sailing off the shore. The dinner was apparently a seafood feast! We enjoyed both the Vietnamese and international cuisines. They presented the dishes quite artistically and very delicious too. The staff welcomed us and always smiled to us while offering help during the dinner.
When visiting the “Amazing” Cave, we met a couple from Australia and a family from Canada and learned that their trips in Vietnam were also arranged by Cham. We had the same feelings about the company and we were glad to have chosen it. We were pleased by the services Cham and her husband at HaLongsapa Tours provided to us. They took care of us and made our trip an amazing one. I am proud with my family that I made a right choice when I arranged our trips within Vietnam with Cham, including flights and tours to Halong, Sapa, Hoi An and the Melkong Delta. I haven’t had time to write about all the places we went in Vietnam yet, but I hope to post some more reviews later.
The genuine and excellent services by Halongsapa Tours (halongsapatours.com) are worth every penny we paid. I would like to share our experience with you so you can make a choice if you are considering spending your nights on a cruise boat in Halong Bay.
Written September 4, 2012
NancyNPH
Bangkok, Thailand143 contributions
...was not impress
Jun 2012 • Friends
sorry but i find halong bay very disappointed and no idea why lonely planet rated it as top 5 picked for asia. it dosen't worth a visit...at all. i bought a day tour to halong bay from hanoi which including 2 ways trasportation (mini bus) 1 meal (seafood) 4-5 hours cruise with 2 stops at caves...well it has all it promised but the sight is not even beautiful...the boat is old and doesnt look like anything the tour agent show me...the food is simple and cold when served...i was asked to share it with 5 other people in the group...it's not buffet...imagine sharing food with no serving spoons :-( almost 4hrs on the way there and another 4hrs on the way back in a packed mini van was torturing! anyways if youo think you have to visit halong bay to see for yourself...i recommended a more expensive tour/boat (us$50++) my was us$30 it was a nightmare!
Written June 18, 2012
1
…
31
32
33
Showing results 311-320 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Paris, France
1 contribution
transparency report
Perth, Australia
21 contributions
Victoria
Ljubljana, Slovenia
Vancouver, WA
189 contributions
Bexley, OH
44 contributions
Big Sky, MT
75 contributions
San Jose
Bangkok, Thailand
143 contributions
