Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Kkiryushyna
London, UK60 contributions
6
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Overhyped, overcrowded, and polluted
Jan 2019 • Couples
We did a “luxury” 2-day cruise around Halong Bay, Lan Ha Bay and the Cat Ba island. It was pretty expensive for what you actually get. In reality, it’s only a 24-hr cruise, not 2 days, and we spent more on 1-night cruise than on all of our accommodation in Vietnam for 3-weeks we were there. Was it worth it?! Definitely not!!!

Halong Bay is not as pretty as you see in magazines - photos that are heavily edited to make it look amazing. The place is overcrowded by tourists, as a result it is extremely polluted. There are plastic bags floating in the water, and a permanent smog surrounds the mountains preventing any clear views. No, it’s not clouds, it’s pollution from all of the boats around the area. I was unpleasantly surprised by how polluted this place was as I was expecting a natural beauty (which was undoubtedly there maybe 10-20 years ago but is now being destroyed by excessive tourism).
If I had to do it all over again, I wouldn’t.
If you, however, want a great alternative to Halong Bay, authentic and uncrowded beauty with equally impressive limestone cliffs, then you should head to Ninh Binh or Phong Nha - the places that still retain a lot of charm and authenticity of Vietnam. I wish someone would have advised me against coming to Halong Bay as I would have gladly extended my stays in both aforementioned places or gone to Sapa.
If you are desperate to see it, then go to Cat Ba island and book a tour from there. It will be much cheaper, and the bay around that area is much quieter.
The problem with overnight cruises is that they are super expensive for a relatively average experience. The rooms are nice, but would we really pay several hundreds of dollars for a nice hotel room for one night in Vietnam, where we were able to get a lovely room (of the same standard) in the center of Hanoi old town for $25?! Even 5-star cruises are still tourist factories - they get you in, they get you out as quickly as possible, because they are readying the boat for new guests the next day. There is no personalised experience that many of them claim they offer.
If you want a truly magnificent views with limestone cliffs and crystal clear waters - go to Coron Town or El Nido in Philippines instead. Now that’s a view I will never forget!
Written January 16, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
KymGC
Surfers Paradise, Australia127 contributions
3
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Pollution is overwhelming
Feb 2018 • Couples
While in Vietnam we did the obligatory visit to Halong Bay. Yuk!
We flew to Halong Bay by SeaPlane which was the best part of the trip, simply because you get to view the enormity of the bay and pinnacles.
But the air and water pollution are so bad that it ends up being a trip to view how a Country can contaminate and ruin a natural wonder.
We were dropped at a beach to go for a swim..... but I’m not keen on swimming with babies nappies, sanitary pads and condoms not to mention the festering scum that floats on top of the water.
The air is so thick with pollution that if you suffer with a respiratory issue ie. asthma..... then be careful. The guides try to make out it’s a sea haze, just like they do in China. But the funny part is that, just like in China the sky starts to clear in patches by Sunday afternoon. One guide even tried telling us that it was China’s pollution not theirs.
I’ve travelled extensively and can tell you that you can get better scenery than this in Thailand, off Phuket there are an enclave of pinnacle islands. The water is pristine, the air is clear, no pollution, the beaches are golden - no rubbish, you can see the sun, stars and the moon. We stayed at the island of Ko Yao Noi, Thailand and there was no comparison.
If your travel money is tight, do yourself a favour and compare. Or just look at my photos and know that this is what Halong Bay really looks like.... Grey, Dull and Polluted.
Written March 31, 2018
Amy Chan
Singapore, Singapore32 contributions
1
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Well worth it!
Nov 2017 • Family
Alot of reviews mentioned that Ha Long Bay needs to be enjoyed by staying overnight. However due to time constraints I did a full day trip from 730 am till about 930 pm. It sounded long and tiring but with our exceptional tour guide Kien from the newly formed Dragon King Travel, we enjoyed every single minute of it. The coach is very new with wifi and charging ports and as it drives past the different provinces Kien talks about their culture. He is able to get our group to mingle around and we had a relaxing time cruising the bay, eating and drinking and making new friends. This company goes on the longer route to see Surprising Cave ( the biggest). We get to kayak around an enclave and climb Ti top mountain to have a panoramic view of the bay. As we cruise into the sunset we are even served red wine! Go to Dragon King Travel Facebook page to ask them for their price so you will bypass the numerous travel agents in Hanoi.
Written December 2, 2017
Orlarafferty
Belfast, UK9 contributions
Crap, don't go here and waste yime
Aug 2017 • Couples
We got a public bus from Hanoi to halong and originally booked for 2 nights in a apart-hotel. It was terrible so changed tona hotel at the marina bay. It was decent (golden gem hotel) would advise staying there but would advise against halong in general as the city is the worst place I've ever been to. Opinion all the same from the 3 other people I went there with! We cancelled our 2nd night there - we couldn't find a decent restaurant to eat in and it was pretty much like a ghost town trying their best to become big which wasn't working out quite well for them. It's a pity as the people there are making an effort!
We got the boat trip the next day which was meant to be 4 hour long and ended up being 2 hour, much to our delight as it wasn't great anyway. The views weren't anything special that I haven't already seen before. Wouldn't waste time and energy going there! A lot of boats apparently sink there too which made us feel uneasy and the water is disgusting! Please please don't go there!!
Written August 4, 2017
Paul M
United Kingdom182 contributions
Polluted.
Jun 2017 • Couples
We did a 2 day, 1 night tour of Halong Bay. We wasn't sure on going here as we thought it would be polluted and busy with tourist boats but we thought we should just because it is a UNESCO world heritage site and it would be a shame to come all the way to Vietnam and skip it.
It is an incredible place, There is no denying, however our thoughts on why we should have skipped it were true. It is completely ruined with waste, plastics, packing foam and so on and after visiting the Philippines we couldnt help compare the two places. The Philippines is absolutely beautiful and Halong Bay just wasn't. There are too many boats on the waters pumping out black smoke into the air and Its disgusting.
We stopped at a lagoon to kayak and ended up litter picking because there was so much plastic floating around. When we took the kayak back the guys running the kayaking just pushed the boat back out with the others and left the pile of rubbish on the boat. Real nice.
The Vietnamese have a total disregard for their environment and you will see this when/If you come here. Such a shame.
Written June 28, 2017
John J
North Yorkshire, UK714 contributions
Polluted Bay
Aug 2016
We stayed 4 nights on Cat Ba Island which is part of a chain of 366 islands that lie within the larger area of Ha Long bay.
Famous for stunning natural beauty it was officially recognized as a World Biosphere Reserve
It attracts millions of visitors from around the world.
However, it is cluttered with litter everywhere - Yes everywhere and I have never swam / canoed in open seas (and snorkel) where there are no fishes. None.
The whole area is over fished and much worse - grossly polluted.
Unbelievable disgrace, a disaster of Global proportions and the Vietnamese peoples should be very ashamed!
Action needs to be taken urgently to recover and then preserve this natural beauty.
Written September 10, 2016
Elizaveta E
120 contributions
Disrespect to the environment!
Jul 2016 • Couples
It is a pity to see one of the natural wonders of the world so polluted and unprotected by the government.
There are lots of plastic bags, plastic bottles and other kind of rubbish floating in the water. Imagine kayaking or swimming in such a water! When you go for a visit to a Cave or an island, it is full of garbage too: plastic bottles everywhere, different kind of food waste.
It seems that the government doesn't care in taking any action to protect or at least clean the area! It is just a source of money.
I think places like that should be avoided by tourists as sign of protest for a disrespect to the environment. Never again!
Written July 25, 2016
CdnExplore4ever
Victoria, Canada48 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Ha Long Bay-What are Must See? Must Do? What to skip?
Jan 2015 • Couples
Must see, must do—Junk Boat tour. I would do 2 nights. The reasons are:
1) Fog is prevalent in the Bay. Fortunately, the fog lifted during the afternoon on our first day. Our breath was taken away by the sheer beauty of this natural wonder. We watched sunset. Not so lucky on our second day. Fog covered the beauty most of the second day. We met tourists who chose 1-night package. They never saw the beauty we did. 2-nights package provided one extra daylight opportunity to see and be in awe of the beauty.
2) The 2-night tour also includes a kayak tour, which I think for me is the most memorable and enjoyable part of this tour. Why this is worth the trip alone? We were able to enter parts of the bay only allowed by kayaks; which means no Junk Boats, no rusty tankers, no house boats, and significantly-reduced debris. My most favorite part is this tiny tiny bay, reachable only through these tunnels, formed by these magnificent limestone islands. This tiny bay was serene, perfectly still. The water is clear, and vibrant emerald. The sky, the surrounding islands harmoniously blend to a perfect painting imprinted in my mind forever. At the bay, I was able to go beyond intellectually what it means to be connected to heaven, earth. I was able to be immersed into this beauty, nature, all blended into one. This is what the trip experience is about. This is what life is about.
3) Third reason is two-day tour include a visit to the cave. This natural formation is a wonder to see. The vastness of the cave is deceiving from the outside. The crowd is something to get used to. But it is definitely worth a visit.
Just in case you wonder about 3 nights or more as I did, it was not recommended or encouraged. The junk boats and tour guide just recycle the same route, same itinerary, same activities, same performances, same food.
Bring a light jacket, a scarf for evening chill. We were there in January, and the jackets & scarves were needed. Hat, swim wear, water shoes, walking shoes (for the cave), sunglasses, all come in handy.
What to Skip:
I would skip swimming in the Bay. Even though the tour guides encourage jumping into this gorgeous emerald water, I would think twice. Swimming may be a wonderful idea 10-15 years ago. If you pay attention to the activities on the water, by the junk boats, by the tankers, by the locals who live full-time on their boats, you may come to the same conclusion. The lack of environmental awareness and weak enforcement to protect this precious bay gave me plenty of reasons to skip swimming.
If you are travelling without a driver or a guide, I would skip most of the “manufacturers” or “farms” unless you need a washroom break. I was told the tour drivers must have at least one break. And the drivers usually stop at one of these factories. It serves 2 purposes: 1 is the drivers get fed at these facilities. The second purpose is to have their passengers make some purchases. As in everywhere in Vietnam, price is negotiable, even if they tell you no. I don’t mean to be prejudice or to offend anyone. The truth is if your outer appearance is westerner, (fair skin, blond hair), the asking price tend to be much higher. Value is in the eye of the beholder. Just “buyer beware. “
One final personal note:
Ha Long Bay, don’t expect perfection, as shown in many tourist pictures. The thousands of limestone islands sprinkled around this emerald water are real. Junk boats are also real. However, what is not revealed is the number of junk boats scattered around the Bay.
For me, the most disturbing part of the Ha Long Bay is the lack of respect for this precious precious nature! Debris such as plastic bottles, foam items, houseware, even life jackets, scattered throughout this beautiful emerald water. I was told by our junk boat guide, the government does hire local boaters to collect garbage off the water. Not enough of them.
Coming from beautiful BC where natural environment is so sacred, and precious, and fervently protected, I was horrified!
In addition to the debris, it was also impossible to ignore huge rusty tankers in the midst of this amazing vast beauty! We could get close to one tanker and observed black materials (coal?) being loaded onto primitive tiny row boats, operated by single individuals. I assume it is to transport to shore? I saw no patrols, no monitoring, of any sort.
Having said all that, Yes, Ha Long Bay is definitely worth experiencing. There are many tour / junk boat operators. I suggest to go with 4 star & up.
Background: Husband and wife in 50's -60's. Wife who does not swim, loved the kayaking, as mentioned in the review. Don't miss it!
Written October 8, 2015
Toorak6
Houston, TX149 contributions
High hope, ended up disappointed
Jul 2015 • Family
Dirty water, mediocre outcrop view, just like Patong in Thailand, thanks to the tour agency put us on a cruise taking use to jetty terminal area of Cat Ba island instead of the more popular mooring site. See photos. I am sure there are prettier area of Halong bay based on experience from friends and online review so beware when you book your trip.
Written August 7, 2015
Atiyadlc
Makati, Philippines295 contributions
Dirty water Period
We had a 3d 2N cruise here in Halong Bay before we went to the cave ( i forgot the name of the cave)
It looks the same as the one as you see in the post cards but if you look closely to the water you can notice how dirty it is. The water were tons of tourists jump in to have a dip. I noticed lots of cartons and trash floating near are cruise ship
The mountains were amazing. but the Bay itself is actually disappointing.
not worth the trip
Written July 30, 2015
…
24
25
26
Showing results 241-250 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
London, UK
60 contributions
transparency report
Surfers Paradise, Australia
127 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
32 contributions
Belfast, UK
United Kingdom
182 contributions
North Yorkshire, UK
714 contributions
Victoria, Canada
48 contributions
Houston, TX
149 contributions
Makati, Philippines
295 contributions
