Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
merseyblue-1
Liverpool, UK928 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Great day...
May 2017 • Couples
What a great day out. We booked the luxury trip via our hotel in Hanoi and the pick-up was punctual in a comfy mini-bus.The luxury trip limits the numbers travelling and on the boat, to less that the standard trip and is worth considering. The next option is a private trip which is a lot more expensive to go in a private car and have the boat practically to yourselves.

It took about 4 hours to get there with 2 stops. The 2nd stop was at a pearl farm which was very interesting.
The sail around the bay was calm and interesting, with lunch being served whilst we reached the more interesting views. Various things were pointed out to us including the small island that features on the 200,000 VND note. We were on the boat nearly 5 hours.
It was fascinating to see people living in small boats, tucked away under the towering limestone pillars. We were rowed around the lagoons in a boat but you could kayak if you preferred. It got a bit busy at times but everything was well organised.
We then went to the caves to have a look here. The caves are bigger and better than I expected and beautifully illuminated to good effect. From here we headed back. The harbour was almost empty as most boats stay out overnight. My only grumble was that there were none of those fabulous sails out on any boats. I wanted to see that as that is what portrays the Bay and the boats best in my opinion.
The journey back was NOT fun. Yes, it is a long day and the debate over whether this is best done in a day or doing the overnight stay was raised... We're still favour the day trip. Others we spoke to, did the overnight stay. They told us of the expensive drinks on the boat in the evening and being a bit rushed the following day to get back for 12 o'clock as they get ready for the next trip. It's your choice but either way, it's a good place to see.
Prices can vary but as a guide for you, the Standard trip was about $55, Luxury trip was about $89 and the Private was about $129
Written May 29, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
castaway22
United Kingdom18 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Overcrowded and poulluted
Dec 2016 • Couples
Spent 2 nights & 3 days on a cruise, cruise was great but the location was well overrated. There are so many boats its hard to get a photo of the bay. At night they all ''park'' near each other and in the day they all head out for the 4 or so places to visit. The sea has a film of oil and the smell of diesel is hard to escape. I would not swim or kayak in this water.
Written January 7, 2017
ashmandelhi
delhi32 contributions
1
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong bay -You will not miss much if you decide to avoid !
Mar 2015 • Couples
Everyone who visits Vietnam is told not to miss Halong Bay beauty. I was also determined to admire the Halong Bay cruises and at planning stage of the journey I could not find any solid guidance on the net regarding how to proceed. The question in my mind was to find out how to optimize this trip to Halong bay. Whether to stay in a hotel in Halong Bay city and take day cruise from there, stay overnight in a boat or go to Cat ba island by Bus-ferry-bus option from Hanoi and stay in an island hotel.
Ultimately I discovered on arrival at Hanoi, old quarter where almost all hotels except top end hotels are located, numerous travel agents offer various ranges / combination of tour for 1 day, 1 night, 2 nights halong bay boat cruise /stay and cat ba island tour with pick up and drop from your hotel at all inclusive price range of $50 to ??? upwards. You may choose one by looking at the cruise operators printed books with glistering photos of boats and rooms fitted with all amenities. Be careful here as no printed brochures are given details of itinerary and inclusions are not available with you. Photocopy of the relevant page is refused but you can take a photo of the page. One more caution – even if you have booked a costly tour you may ultimately land at the same boat as lower priced booked passenger at Halong bay as all operators combine the resources at this end.
You are transported to Halong bay pier by a mini bus from Hanoi by an average English speaking bored tour guide. Journey lasts about 3 and 1/2 hours with a shopping cum toilet break in between. At Halong pier you are shifted to a Junk boat which is no match to the photos you were shown at the time of booking. Halong bay Cruise starts and after the initial one hour of the cruise the charm disappears. The small stony hillocks all around the bay in almost still water of the bay and foggy background appears not so charming as you had read. and seen in the brochures.In the absence of any currents and waves in the sea the charm of a sea cruise is missing. Lunch and dinners are served on the boat which are quite ordinary and repetitive. Cave visit is in overcrowded stream of tourists as all boats land at the same spot at the same time. If you are a vegetarian you are in trouble as you are offered only boiled rice and all other dishes have some non-veg component even if you have informed the guide / crew in advance and you have vegetarian meal got written on the receipt at the time of booking .Cabin room key is given only after sun down where you have a small double bed with bed linen not changed for months. No towels are supplied. Yes there is a split A/C fitted on the wall but not working. Noisy Generators are started only after darkness. Bathroom with broken taps / shower and door are horrible. No maintenance at all. After first 5 minutes no water supply in bathroom. Informed our guide and crew but nothing was done till the completion of the trip.
Next morning you are shifted to a bus in Cat ba island for travel to the other side of the island which takes about 40 minutes. In between you take a trek up the cat ba monkey reserve which takes about 1and 1/2 hrs with no sighting of any animal. Trek towards the top is steep, rocky and slippery and nothing much to see at the top. Use your discretion to climb or not and you are not going to be awarded any medal. Hotel in Cat ba insist on keeping your passport before he gives you the room key with your guide as a moot spectator if you decide to protest. You may choose to go to monkey island for getting teased by monkeys by paying extra. Next day after worst breakfast at hotel you are transported back to your hotel in the reverse order by 5p.m.
In my opinion Halong Bay cruises are over hyped tourism sale and you will NOT miss much if you decide to avoid.
Written March 24, 2015
Mary3Mary
Nanaimo, Canada5 contributions
Big Scam! Beware!
Mar 2015
My family and I had rented a boat to take us to see Ha Long Bay for the day. We also had lunch on the boat. What a big SCAM. The people over charged us with everything... From double charging us on all the food to the cooking expense and water expense. And on top of all that we were charged extra for coming in early when we told them from the start that we needed to be back by 3pm. We pointed out all the extra expense and they just said that it was the price. We ended up paying for it because they keep fighting with you. At the end we realize that we were also over charged in the calculation of the total bill. We asked to look at the bill again so we can add it up. They said it blew away. Would not let us see it. After all that... I came home to realize that they stole $1000 from my purse. Don't get me wrong... Ha Long Bay is amazing! It's just sad that these people scam and steal from all their tourist. I just don't want this to happen to anybody else. BEWARE! Keep your purse close to you at all time! The boat I was on was called
PHUONG HANG
35
QN-3909
Written March 11, 2015
Dagoon1
Melbourne18 contributions
Joy tours/travel BEWARE!!!
I'll start by saying halong bay is beautiful and amazing, although I was taken aback by the amount of rubbish in and all around halong bay which was disappointing. We along with another couple booked a 3 day 2 night tour with joy tours/travel and oh my god.... Disaster food was a disgrace, at every bus or boat change we were all left waiting 45 min minimum for next boat or bus, we were supposed to do two nights on boat but were shipped to Island to a horrible hotel for one night, the staff on boat were incredibly rude and blatantly ignores any questions! Two girls on board from oz who had saved for months actually started crying at how much of a disaster everything was!!! BEWARE!!!
Written August 1, 2014
MaiaNewZealand
New Zealand8 contributions
Ha Long Bay not worth it for us Kiwis
Jul 2014 • Family
We agonised over whether to add in a Ha Long Bay overnight trip to our 10 day Vietnam adventure. In the end, after much consultation with friends who had been, travel agents, and Trip Advisor, we decided to make the effort. We wished we hadn't.
Basically, Ha Long Bay is a stunning place, but tight government controls (and perhaps tour company schedules) mean that you get to see very little of it. And the parts you do get to see are heaving with tourists, other tour boats, dirty, exhaust belching tenders, and fishing villages surrounded by rubbish. We had thought that going on a Premium Tour would mean that we would have the opportunity to visit less-touristed parts or have a different experience, but I'm pretty sure that everyone gets exactly the same mass experience - the only difference is the quality of the boat, food and staff.
So, whilst the cruising along was glorious, the activities were pretty disappointing - and this would apply to any tour. The cave you visit on the first day is heaving with people and boats - no magic moments in here; and the only beach you're allowed to visit is very dirty and crowded - not allowed to swim off the boat or anywhere else. At night, you pull up in a big bay along with every other boat into your boat's allocated spot, and the squid fishing is prefaced by saying that actually catching a squid is highly unlikely given how over-fished the area is. The kayaking allowed was in an area filled with other boats and we were paddling through revolting rubbish - really unpleasant.
This review is coloured by the fact that we are Kiwis who are used to pristine waters, low impact tourism and value caring for the environment hugely - we've realised that the best of Vietnam for us is the people and the culture, and we're learning to have lower expectations for experiences focusing solely on natural beauty. Others from different parts of the world may have very different perspectives, so do just take this as one perspective only.
Written July 18, 2014
K0636706Surrey
Bordon, UK33 contributions
2 nights, 3 days is a must!
Jan 2014 • Friends
Like everyone else, we were apprehensive about what tour company to use. We had heard the horror stories too. The Paloma came on recommendation from a contact we trusted.
We stayed in Hanoi the night before and the minibus picked us up from our hotel as arranged at 8am. From the hotel, we were initially taken to a small office to complete some paperwork and pay the remainder of our booking, then we travelled the 4 hours to the harbour to board the Paloma.
Do not worry about the transfer. Yes, it takes a while, but there's enough on the roads to keep you amused! I manage to doze. We stop halfway for a rest break at a service centre for tourists, where they sell silk scarves, ties, robes, pottery and chiinese garden ornaments. Amongst other things. There is no hard-sell here and it's clearly popular for tourists. The toilets are also clean, We eventually arrive at the harbour for around 1pm.
We board the Paloma cruise by tender boat, with about 45 other guests, mostly Taiwanese with some Westerners, including one or two British. The boat itself is stunning and, we are told, one of the few remaining wooden junks left in Halong.
The views are incredible, despite the persistent mist. It's just how you imagine it to be, but breath taking to think of the millions of years the limestone islands have been around. It is slightly chilly outside on the deck of the boat, but a fleece and a pair of jeans or chinos did the trick just fine.
Immediately, we are served a traditional lunch with many courses on the boat, including rice, prawns and chicken. (Vegetarians and those with dietary requirements are also catered for.)
We had booked a twin room, with 2 single beds and a en-suite. Room was clean, quite small, but a great view from the window. The door to the room didn't look very secure, although you can lock it with a key.
After checking into our rooms, we then head out by another tender boat to a floating fishing village, where we take part in some kayaking around the islands.
We also visit a place where they show us how they grow pearls from oysters and where they also farm catfish.
I see a lot of people on here have commented on the rubbish in Halong Bay. I had read so many reviews beforehand that I was pleasantly surprised when I got there. I had expected a rubbish heap! It is not the case at all. The occasional carrier bag or bottle of water was seen, but nothing alarming.
Back onboard the Paloma, we indulge in the free sangria at the early evening cocktail party, and take photos of the scenery at sunset before my battery on my camera dies and I find I don't have a charger with me. Don't make this same mistake boys and girls!
We take part in the vietnamese spring roll making competition and we win! We get a free cocktail as a prize.
Dinner is many courses once again. It is usually 4 people to a table, so a good way to get talking to other guests. At about 10pm, I retire to bed and sleep surprisngly well.
The next day, my companion and I discover we are the only ones onboard the boat who have paid to stay for 2 nights, the rest of the party are leaving to go back to the harbour. So we basically have a tender boat and tour guide to ourselves all day! Excellent! The boat takes us out on a trip deeper into Halong Bay. We sit and relax, take in the views, we go to an island where we hike up a steep hill (this was harder than I thought - with no hand rails or anything to hang-on to). Once we climbed up to the summit and headed back down, there is a small shack that clearly relies heavily on tourists. We asked for the price of a bottle of water - we are told $1. The price of a coconut - $4. Bit odd!
From here, we are then taken by boat to another area to kayak around. We see oyster pickers and the occasional small group of kayakers. Our excellent tour guide tells us about some pitch black caves. I am obviously apprehensive about this, as we have no life jackets or torch. Our guide though has a tiny Maglite torch, so from behind in his kayak, he lights the way for us to paddle through. When we eventually see sunlight, we emerge into an open clearing, pool of water which is completely untouched by civilisation, and not a single soul around.
Amazing!
If you balanced your oar on the kayak and sat back and listened, you could just make out birds and the odd monkey. I doubt I will ever experience that level of quiet again.
After an incredible hour and half of kayaking, we go back to the tender boat where they provide a huge lunch for just the 2 of us. We fall asleep on the boat in the afternoon in the sun, for although it has been a bit misty, it is warm enough to remove our fleeces. Bliss.
Back on the Paloma boat, we both arrange to have a massage for an hour, at $30 each. I can confirm this is very good.
There are new arrivals back on the Paloma when we get back from our kayaking trip. It is the same itinerary for them as for us the night before. We decided to let someone else win the spring roll making competition this time. As much as we enjoyed our trip immensely, I did wonder if it must get very repetitive for the staff and for the manager. Dinner that evening for us was a slightly varied menu to the night before.
We go to bed early and the next morning, at 8am, we go to Amazing Cave, which is indeed amazing and well worth a visit.
Because we have a flight to catch back in Hanoi. The Paloma tour company arrange for us to disembark the boat earlier than the other guests, at about 11am. They put us on another tender boat with all the luggage and the rubbish, back to the Harbour where a private car is waiting to take us to Hanoi airport to catch our flight at 4pm. We make it too!
I am so, so pleased we booked 2 nights on this boat. The Paloma is professionally organised,. the food is fantastic (you won't starve) and you feel well looked after by all the team. The Manager deserves a special mention for his personal touch. The Paloma only has 20 rooms, so he is able to meet and talk to each of his guests.
Do not hesitate to book with Paloma!
Written February 5, 2014
Joep C
Netherlands15 contributions
Don't book Halong Bay with AST TRAVEL
Jul 2013 • Family
We just had an awful experience with AST Travel. The brochure theo have about the Christine Deluxe Cruise is false and misleading. They say the boat started operation in 2012. I think theeblaren is at least 15 years old. A short summary: room 101 (family room) had leakages on several points (they said it was because of the rain), so baskets and towels were everywhere on the grond in our room. Bathroom was broken on several points, bathroom was very dirty. From the 15 deckchairs, at least 12 were broken for a long period. The sails could not rise because they were broken as well. This about Christina.
Then the tour. We did 2 nights on the boat and 1 night at Cat Ba Island (bngalow). From the 4 days we hooked we spent at least 2,5 days travelling. Besides we spent lots and lots ofntime waiting to pick up other tourists, mixing groups, dividing groups. So its really a waist of your time!
Wen we travelled to Cat Ba Island our boat stopped working. We spent 1 your at open sea waiting for another boat topics us up!! There were cockroages at the bungalow we stayed in on Cat Ba Island.
And so on, and so on.
So one advice: just don't book with AST Travel, it's really not worth your money!
Written July 23, 2013
E_Matcov
Brussels, Belgium2 contributions
Avoid!
We took a day trip to Halong Bay with Golden Lotus and it was complete crap! The food on the boat was disgusting (plastic chewy squid, French fries, tofu, a few pieces of fish and rice..this was for 7 ppl altogether, not on everyone's plate..and we had to pay for drinks 3times the price you get in a resto!), the normal activities that are normally included in the price (i.e. get on a little boat to see a cave and I am not talking about kayaking) where charged extra. On top, on the way back, the bus left ppl in the middle of a street saying we are close to the hotel when we had to walk for a while with no map or indication how to get to the right street. Just avoid them if you look for a pleasant trip to HB.
Written December 31, 2012
Sally H
Costa Rica6 contributions
Handspan tours - Treasure Junk
I chose to go with Handspan tours for the Halong bay boat trip after reading other reviews and I wasn't disappointed and neither was my mum. They take a different route in the bay so you hardly see any other tourist boats for a start. The service on-board was brilliant, really lovely staff. The boat itself was very comfortable. Great indoor dining space and sundeck with loungers on too, rooms were nicely sized as well. You don't visit the caves but you do go kayaking and stop at a private beach for swimming and then back to the boat for sunset. Superb! The next morning we visited a local fishing village, with the locals rowing small boats. We did the 2 day, 1 night combo, but with travel time from Hanoi there and back your on the boat for 24hrs which I think is plenty of time to enjoy the stunning scenery. A highlight of my 'nam trip!
Written December 17, 2012
…
27
28
29
Showing results 271-280 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Liverpool, UK
928 contributions
transparency report
United Kingdom
18 contributions
delhi
32 contributions
Nanaimo, Canada
5 contributions
Melbourne
New Zealand
8 contributions
Bordon, UK
33 contributions
Netherlands
15 contributions
Brussels, Belgium
Costa Rica
6 contributions
