Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Justina P
Copenhagen, Denmark209 contributions
0
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Dugong Sail 2 days trip - stay away!!
Choosing the length of stay

Dont be fooled by differnt routes of the boats they will show you on map. All boats take a similar path and it doesn't matter it if will be 1 or 2 day stay. What will be different is that you will have kayaking, swimming, go see different caves and fishing for the 2 day trip. You'll stay in the same location though not going deep into the islands.
Be prepared for loads of boats around you most of the time (and the noise). It's very very turisty and polluted place.
We've done 2 days with 1 night stay on the 3* boat for 70$ for 1 person. Starting price was 105$ pp. Keep in mind there is a tax charge on top (10%).
Bus
Not too comfortable especially if you're tall. Ryanair has more leg space. It takes round 3,5h and of course there is the usual half way stop at a gift shop.
HLB and the boat
After the bus you'll be shuffled into a small boat that will take you to your main one and you'll 'check in'.
Cabin is way smaller than on pictures you were showed in the agency, its much more dated too. Shower works with hot water! Not electricity though (you'll have that 3h in the evening so make sure you'll charge everything then).
Make sure you'll get your supplies before boarding on the boat they will charge you for e v e r y t h i n g (even drinking your own bear! - corkage charge). Beer/ coke on the boat costs 40k (in supermarket 7k). They do have a happy hour in the evening though..
They will also 'quietly' , in your face put a tip envelope at the table the last day.
Next day you have to check out from your cabin at 9am which is very early and whole day ahead of you. You will be spending half of day on the windy and cold dec (december) hoping it won't rain. Alternatively you can stay in the restaurant part trying to sleep in the chair.
This wasn't a pleasant day..
Food
Lunches and dinners are ok if you're a girl who is not fussy and doesn't eat much in general. Actually fish dishes were very nice!
All food is served to share with the whole table, loads of rice and noodles, fruits as pudding in the end.
If you're a table of 20tish/30tish Auz or american guys definitely it wont be enough food for you.
Breakfast is a joke actually, omelette of maybe 6 eggs to share with the whole table (6 people). Loads of bread though..
All in all, food was nice but simply not enough for the whole table.
Summing up: boat was rubbish. Staff unpleasant, not helpful, overcharging for everything. Kicking you out from the cabin early in the morning is not pleasant too. Bad bad example for vietnam leaving sour taste and bad memories.
Moreover you might consider weather for hlb. In December its usually coldish and foggy. Clouds are low and simply you won't be able to see much. I saw friends pictures from September and thats the HLB I want to see. This time it was waisted money and time I'm afraid.
Crowds are overwhelming as they are literally queues everywhere to get in (cave, mountain, swimming).
All in all, wouldn't recommend the boat and coming in bad weather at all to HLB.
Ps. Very simar views you can see in china (guilin), less less cowds there though.
Written December 28, 2014
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
SiddharthBhandari
New Delhi, India189 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Day trip from Halong Bay city !
Nov 2014 • Couples
Halong Bay tour and its beauty is absolutely brilliant.
We booked a 3 night stay in halong city in a hotel and 1 day cruise for 8 hours on a semi private tour.
The tour was great and we visited 2 caves , 1 beach , 1 fishing market and the fishing village!
A few pointers -
* Day trip can be 4 hrs / 6 hrs / 8 hrs depending on what all you want to see. Average prices are 60/80/100 $ respectively. You can book online or talk to a agent on the Jetty in Bai chay . Depending on your bargaining skills you may be able to reduce the prices.
* Make sure you are clear about what all is included in your trip as we were charged separately for lunch , the price of the small boat in the fishing village and also the soft drinks / beer that were casually offered to us on a tray in the boat .
* There were 2 caves we visited on the boat trip, but each of then have about 100 steps to climb up and down so gets difficult for the seniors.
* we stayed in halong city on the bay chai part for 3 nights , however apart from the full day trip to the islands on a boat , the city has very little to offer , so 2 nights would be more than enough.
* The closest airport to halong bay is Hai Phong , about 70 kms away. Taxi available outside airport runs by the meter and costs approx. 750,000 vnd from Hai phong (catbi airport) to halong bay city.
* There are overnight trips on boats for 1/2 nights also available in halong bay , check online or get it from travel agents from Hanoi.
Written November 12, 2014
MattHardieNZ
Christchurch, New Zealand22 contributions
Don't bother. Destroyed by tourism.
Went on a day cruise in Halong Bay. Let's just say this was probably once an incredible place, but now the greed of the human race has destroyed it. The water is heavily polluted with oil slicks and plastic everywhere. We could barely see the limestone karsts due to air pollution. Boats everywhere you look. The cave is the biggest tourist trap I've ever been too, simply too many people being herded through like cattle. The caves themselves are quite amazing but you're too busy trying to avoid people to appreciate it. Also litter all through due to the numerous vendors in the caves... Yes in the caves. If you want to see beautiful limestone karsts, go to southern thailand. Vietnam, sort it out you are destroying this so-called sacred place.
Written June 21, 2014
Fendersainter
31 contributions
APT Tour to Halong Bay
Dec 2012 • Couples
Do not, I repeat do not, use these people to take you down to Halong Bay. You are crammed on to a minibus with 20 or so other lost souls, with no room to move. Your first 3/4 of an hour is spent going around Hanoi picking up people. This is a 3-4 hour trip and there is no room to move. Rip off.
We got off in Hanoi, preferring to walk back to the hotel, rather than put up with the ambulatory slum that was provided for us. A great holiday sullied..
Written December 30, 2012
mark z
Madrid, Spain4 contributions
Cross Halong Bay !!!
Oct 2012 • Family
Halong Bay is stunning so so well and too many islands here,his is a truly landscape with ranges of grotto, caves & island.We, our family booked our trip with Aclass Opera Cruise with Cross Halong Bay company (crosshalongbay.com) was super brilliant, they told us that saving up to 30% for our trip to Halong bay for 2 deluxe Ocean cabin. The trip was excellent, they pick us up at Hanoi Moment hotel that thay recommend us to stay there.
Halong Bay was so marvelous, there are many cruises concentrating at Halong harbor, they had a tender to take us to the big boat landing on the seae 100meters from the harbor side. All things run smoothly and safety for us. We come here to visit like the Autumn in the north of VietNam and it seems so beautiful trips here, included Sapa trip, Hue and our trip to the South
Written October 15, 2012
Kim N
San Jose, CA49 contributions
Natural wonder turned into a tourist zoo ...
Dec 2011
There are 2 aspects to this review as I could not figure out any other way to do this.
Part 1 of my review is about the bay itself. part 2 of my review is about the tour company as it plays an very important factor in your overall experience.
We booked with Bai Tu Long company for a 2 days and 1 night tour. The junk we were assigned was the White Dolphin (though we found out later on that there are other boats that were named White Dolphins as well").
Our booking agent was VietnamTripadvisor. Just to be clear, we used this agent simply because that's what my relative in Hanoi recommended (I am not certain but my relative could be working for this company as well). Perhaps because of my indirect connection , I felt that I got honest service and advice from my agent. She warned me that Bai Tu Long was not as good as the other operators and that I am visiting at peak time - end of the year.
When we finally got out to the bay, our junk was just 1 of many that packed the bay like sardines ! At first it felt a little novel ... just like being 1 of the numerous sailboats on the San Francisco bay on a clear sunny day . But that feeling quickly wore off to be replaced of sadness and disappointment. There seems to be no stewardship of the natural wonder .
Every spot we stopped or went to, there would be souvenirs vendors.
The crew was not very professional as some were sparring right in front of us. They throw thrash overboard even when there are guests nearby.
The whole trip, we had to breath in the engine exhaust fumes on the boat, even when we were in our room sleeping at night.
On the 2nd day, we saw a cockroach crawling on the wall next to our table. Other passengers reported cockroaches in their rooms.
Their itinerary listed fishing as an activity. However, when it came time to do so, the crew told us that you wouldn't be able to catch any fish there, only squid. In addition, they didn't have fishing hooks, just squid hooks. Even so, for an hour, we got banana & orange peels, cabbage leaves, etc ...
Bai Tu Long gets a "C" for their transfer points coordination. There is a lot of waiting but the worst one was on the return leg to Hanoi. After we got off the junk, we waited for over 1 hour to be seated on the bus. There were not enough chairs or benches for all of us waiting. We sat on the steps in front of their office which was closed. When we asked for an estimate of when our transportation would arrive, the coordinator kept saying another 5 minutes. The next time we asked, it would be another 5 minutes that kept stretching to 1.5 hrs. We understood that our bus would be coming from Hanoi, carrying passengers for the next trip out and those buses seemed to have gotten delayed. However, fearing delivering unfavorable news, the staff did themselves no good by masking not giving an accurate answer. They were constantly on the phone with the drivers and all of us could not understand why they were unable to give us a decent estimate. At times, they blamed the New Year's Eve being the culprit. But my counterpoint is that they should have prepared for this as it is an annual occurrence.
I do have to give the chef on our junk very good credit for accommodating vegetarian meal request. We will give them an A for that effort.
Written January 8, 2012
perthkat80
Perth, Australia14 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Shocked at level of pollution in Halong Bay
I just returned from a 2 night 3 day cruise on Halong Bay and although I found Halong Bay beautiful in itself (and couldn't fault the boat, staff, food) I was horrified by the degree of water pollution. There wasn't a single moment where there wasn't some object to be seen bobbing in the water (trust me I tried to avoid looking at it but it was depressingly difficult). Everywhere I looked there was plastic bottles, bags, sandals, chunks of polystyrene and all manner of trash floating in the water in differing levels of concentration depending on the currents. And if that is floating on the top I can only imagine what is sitting on the bottom of the bay, and what concentration of chemicals, pollutants and other unmentionable substances are in the water itself. We went kayaking and paddled through patches that were slick with some oily filthy substance. I love swimming and I could not bring myself to swim in the water.
I found it really depressing because this is supposed to be a national park/world heritage site? I spoke to some Vietnamese people about it and the staff on our boat blamed the fishing villages, and the people in the fishing villages blamed currents from the mainland. I suspect it's a combination of the villages (which are floating on polystyrene pontoons which are all disintigrating into the water), the mainland and the large volume of tourist boats. The people in the fishing villages have lived there for centuries so it's certainly no easy problem to fix.
Something needs to change before this beautiful place is ruined forever.
Written September 18, 2010
Bubblepop1
London16 contributions
Ginger Junk - Pure Luxury
My husand and I went on a 2 day / 1 night tour of Halong Bay on the Ginger Junk. We had a fabulous time and would definitely recommend this tour operator to other couples.
The boat was spacious and extremely comfortable. I would say that the tour caters predominantly for couples and there were 8 couples on the same tour as us, making it very intimate and relaxing.
Our room was lovely and the facilties were of a standard that would would expect in a 4 star hotel. Due to the nature of the accommodation, it is not possible for everyone to have a hot shower at the same time, but this didn't prove to be a problem for us. In fact the shower was excellent!
The staff were friendly attentive and accommodating (one couple on the tour were very ill and the crew were more than willing to amend the menu in accordance with their preferences).
The food (particularly lunch on the first day and brunch on the second) was amazing. There was such a large variety of food, all freshly prepared and delicious.
The tour iteself was very well organised and there are plenty of stop-offs and activities e.g. Tai chi to keep you occupied. What I particularly liked about this tour was not feeling pressured into tipping.
We boarded the Ginger Junk in December and whilst the views were amazing, you need to take something warm to wear. It was very breezy and because of this we were unable to make full use of the boat's outdoor facilities.
The Ginger Junk is tour is more pricey than some of the other Halong Bay tours but it's certainly worth paying for!
Written January 13, 2010
MelbourneFlyingKiwi
Melbourne23 contributions
1
Halong Bay - the most disappointing experience of our holiday
You read the guide books and look at their pictures and expect Halong Bay to be a paradise, however the reality when we were there is early Nov 2007 was far from it.
Positives:
* The geological magnificience is undisputable
Negatives
* There are 500 junks in the bay at any one time and where we anchored overnight we countered 50 junks alone (it is not quiet and secluded at all)
* The pollution was awful! We could only see about 100 metres because of the smog (the bay is near one of Vietnam's most industrial areas) which meant you couldn't appreciate the view. We asked our guide whether this was normal and she said we were there on a nice day and sometimes you can't see 10 metres.
* The water wasn't very clean and I didn't go swimming more than once. There was a slick on top from all the junks and quite a bit of rubbish in the water
* Although we paid nearly $100 for a two day/one night stay the food wasn't that good and we felt like trapped rats with people all around trying to sell us stuff (on the boat and on the water)
* In a two day trip you are only on the water for less than 24 hours. There is a 3 hour drive each way through very unscenic country with stops at tourist traps
We would not recommend bothering going out there unless you are really keen. We went with a great company and had good transport but this can't make up for the disappointment. Others on our trip recommend Sapa over Halong Bay anyday.
The photos you see really are misleading - even my photos make it look beautiful!
Unfortunately industrial progress and lack of tourism controls are ruining this natural wonder
Written November 21, 2007
PFG
Sydney, Australia126 contributions
8
Disgustingly polluted! Swimming, especially children NOT recommended
May 2019 • Solo
As an adventurer I’m always taking suggestions for places to visit especially national parks, treks, diving and experiencing all of Mother Nature’s wonders. Of course having travelled to almost fifty countries over the last fifteen years I have experienced first hand the increasingly alarming air, water and soil pollution. This is extremely disturbing and alarming in the case of Halong bay. Plastic floating everywhere, a layer of thick chemical and waste matter on the waters surface and shore line, murky waters, styrofoam from destroyed fish farms and the locals and government not doing anything at all to manage this ever growing problem. In the Phillipines for example they closed Boracay island for six months to clean it and they don’t allow plastic bags or plastic bottles. Although locals wrap everything in plastic at least tourists must be conscious.
The Vietnamese really should worry more about saving this natural wonder than making short term financial progress as in the end ALL will suffer the consequences. Even the locals eat and serve fish and seafood from Halong bay which are surely contaminated with high levels of heavy metals and chemicals. Be the change.
Written May 28, 2019
…
20
21
22
Showing results 201-210 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Copenhagen, Denmark
209 contributions
transparency report
New Delhi, India
189 contributions
Christchurch, New Zealand
22 contributions
Madrid, Spain
San Jose, CA
49 contributions
Perth, Australia
14 contributions
London
16 contributions
Melbourne
23 contributions
Sydney, Australia
126 contributions
