Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
jensen_chua
Singapore, Singapore3,669 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Bay of Beauty....
Jun 2012 • Family
To many would-be visitors....I have 1 advice - don't let the 3.5 hours (1 way) journey to this nature put your plans on hold, cause it's worth it !

To better enjoy Halong Bay, I would recommend most visitors to stay 1 night at Hanoi after arrival, rest and chill out at the Old Quarter and proceed on for the adventure at Halong Bay with one of many cruises available. Stay a minimum 2D1N to better savour the UNESCO heritage site. Most of the cruises include cave visits, fishing village tours, kayaking, great dining on board, etc. Most hotels (the better ones) tied in with various cruises and will recommend a cruise operator based on your budget and arrange all aspects of the trip.
The pick-up by the cruise companies are from hotels in Hanoi at about 8.00-830am and then it's on to 3.5 hours bus ride (each way with 20-25min toilet break at a huge handicrafts/local produces factory with snack/meal option). Upon reaching Tuan Chau Wharf, which is the embarkation point to the bay, with shuttle boats to the mother cruise boats berthed a short 3-4min away.
THe beauty of the Halong Bay is better experienced personally, sooner rather later.
There are some area where litters float on the water surface (the downside of mass tourism) but overall, the bay is thoroughly enjoyable.
For the foggy pictures you see on some travellers pictures, go during the cool months of Dec-Feb. As it's nature based, how much you enjoy is based on your personal expectation and also blessings from nature. Go with an open heart. Return with a smile.
Written June 17, 2012
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
hargar
London, UK85 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay Violet Cruise - Terrible!!
Mar 2012 • Couples
Was convinced by travel agent to book on this junk which was described as most luxurious in Halong Bay. Booked a suite, but mix up with booking ended up with a deluxe cabin - big mistake. The cabin was all differing shades of brown with very stained and damaged yellow curtains. The sofa had cigarette burns in despite the boat being non-smoking. The private balcony attached to the cabin also opened on to the wheelhouse, so there were sailors and the captain talking at all hours so no privacy! Also the doors to the balcony did not lock so no security either.
The food onboard was the highlight, only problem is that it took ages to arrive once ordered. The tables in the dining room/reception area/bar were also very close together so no chance of a private conversation here either. The staff were nice, but a bit in your face. Very expensive for 1 night over US$650, not worth the money. Would not reccommend this cruise.
p.s. If you do cruise, make sure your cabin safe works. One couple onboard had a suite with a safe that didn't, long story short, they came back on shore a couple of hundred dollars lighter. Management refused to take resposibility because they didn't put their money in the safe!!
p.p.s. In your cabin you will find two pairs of flip-flops to use while onboard, whatever you do, do not take them home with you. Two ladies onboard did and they were made to open their luggage and return them before they were able to leave the boat. Obviously they re-use their flip flops!! Verruca alert!!
Written April 12, 2012
JustinAndRach
Siem Reap, Cambodia44 contributions
1
Halong Violet Junk, amazing......
Spent only 2 days and one night on the junk unfortunately, the bay itself, amazing. Better times of the year to see it as visibility wasn't great and it rained occasionally, but it does not ruin it at all. Halong Violet, the junk we went on was amazing. Maximum of 12 guests (6 very large rooms) but 20 staff, so service is great. Food was spectacular. Anyone looking to do an overnight junk tour, should look this one up. Either way, Halong Bay, a must do, and should be on everyone's list to see.
Written March 20, 2012
BGillman-202
Dublin, Ireland54 contributions
Paloma cruise major disappointment
Jan 2012 • Couples
We spent 2 days and one night on the Paloma cruise and overall were very disappointed in both the cruise and the level of service offered which we considered fell well below the standard we expected.
On the plus side the boat is in excellent condition with modern cabins. The beds are hard with good quality pillows, and have a good shower with plenty of hot water.
The negatives, and there are many, fall into 2 broad categories, itinerary and customer service.
In relation to the itinerary, we had two issues, firstly this isn't much of a cruise. The boat travels out from a reasonably busy port to its overnight anchor within about 1.5 hours. During this time you don't see much of Hao Long bay. The boat does not move from this spot except when it goes straight back to port the next day. That is the case whether you are doing the 1 night or 2 night version. Of the supposed 2,000 pillars in the bay I think we saw 40 at a guess. My big issue with the itinerary however was the total failure to plan for the weather, or to customise the tour to the season.
On the first day there were to be 3 activities, visit a beach or canoeing, sunset viewing and squid fishing. 2 of these were done by no one. Our guide cheerfully told us that in January they only see the sunset about 4 times a month and that there were no squid in the bay at this time of year. I don't understand why they hadn't bothered to tailor the itinerary to reflect these common issues and organised something else.
We did visit a beach with a hike to view the bay and some people did the canoeing. It was ok, but I should point out that it was seriously cold. It felt about 8 degrees, as I kept checking if I could see my breath. So I wouldn't do that again. We also noticed that the 3 day people got the privilege of a beach barbecue as part of the extra day. I'm delighted we didn't put ourselves through that in the cold.
To my second issue, the customer service. Our guide was borderline rude and really only appeared to care about incurring minimal hassle. There was nowhere to sit and relax on the boat as there were no heaters or rain covers on deck. The boat has an indoor bar with some couches but the staff always sat there talking and guests didn't appear welcome, so no one sat there. Instead guests either sat on the bed in their cabins or at the formal dinner tables if they wanted to read or relax.
To crown it all the food was also poor, for example on the last day lunch was served in the harbour almost within view of the Paloma shore office. It consisted of cold chips, boiled broccoli and 3 roasted shrimp. No sauce, no flavours nothing. It was the most miserable looking dish. Actually, on the whole the food was nearly always cold.
So in summary, I would not do this cruise in January, and even in fine weather I would do it as a day trip and sleep onshore. That should save enough to contribute towards a real cruise (I.e one where you actually cruise somewhere).
Written January 14, 2012
Sharen
Brighton, UK272 contributions
Halong Bay cruise - 2nights on Paloma
Nov 2011 • Couples
Our hotel (Golden Sun in Hanoi) recommended this junk as our selected junk was fully booked. We were very happy with the Paloma. We took a standard room and they were very comfortable, as was the bed. The bathroom was on the small side and the shower didn't have a lot of water pressure but what do you expect?! The water was heated and they provided all the shampoo, soaps & even toothbrush and comb! The food was generally very good. More importantly, there was plenty of deck space for everyone to eat outside on a balcony, lounge around on a sun bed, or snuggle up on the coaches near the captains cabin.
I strongly recomend the 2 night tour. It is a full 3 to 4 hour bus trip up to Halong and the extra day does give you some time to relax and unwind and fully appreciate this beautiful location.
The Paloma definitely looked like one of the best boats that we saw and you couldn't want anything more from the boat. We did have a difficult guest on our cruise and our guide handled him quite well too.
The only thing I will point out is that some guests were doing a 1 night cruise, and some 2 nights. This means that the Paloma does not travel further from the port on the 2 night cruise; it remains near the port so the 1 night guests can be taken back. I had assumed that travelling for 2 nights meant we would travel further around Halong Bay but this is not the case.
Written November 14, 2011
pepamint_lee
Singapore, Singapore213 contributions
Palmoa Cruise - Very irresponsilve and dishonest!
Oct 2011
Our peeves:
- Paloma told our travel agent that we have to set off from Paloma office at 12pm, so we arrived slightly before that.
- But we left the office for the cruise around 1245pm.
- Even though we were already sitting in the office waiting, they did not bother to tell us what we were waiting for, nor did they inform us that the schedule to set off was 1245pm, not 12pm. We only found out when we received the itinerary on board.
- When we visited the caves, the guide never bothered to wait for the group to gather before speaking. We had about 15 in the whole group, he only waited for 2-3 to arrive and start speaking. He then continued walking after that, no repetition, nothing. So if you are in the middle or back of group, tough luck. You simply walk through the caves trying to catch up with the guide, hearing nothing from him.
- Bathroom reeked of sewage, had to keep bathroom door closed to keep the stench confined to bathroom only.
- Worst part: After we disembarked and got back to our hotel in Hanoi. My partner opened his hardcase suitcase and realized everything inside was soaked! Dripping wet! There was even water left in the bottom of the suitcase. Both our luggage had airline baggage tags and other paper tags left from hotel stays on nights prior to Paloma. We then realized that all those tags were missing from his suitcase but still intact on mine! Clearly, his suitcase was dropped into the water during our sea-land transfer! In order to hide the fact, Paloma staff wiped the exterior dry and removed all the wet tags. So we didn’t notice the bag was wet when we collected the bags. Extremely dishonest!
We called our travel agent immediately after we realized the problem. After more than an hour of haggling between agent and Paloma staff in Hanoi office, Paloma finally admitted liability and offered to get the clothes laundered. Someone from Paloma called us 4 hours later to apologise and promised to ‘hold meeting the next day’. Not sure what that would lead to, but this whole episode had caused us great inconvenience! We had to leave the hotel at 430am the next day to catch our flight to Danang and had meant to turn in early. But the clothes only came back close to 10pm, and the luggage was still wet. In the end, we had to spend the next hour drying it.
We were supposed to fly to Danang that night straight after Paloma, fortunately, we were not able to get tickets and had to take the flight on the following morning. Otherwise we would have unknowingly flew to Danang with the wet baggage (possibly overweight too!) and have no one to turn to then.
Cruise quality was acceptable.
Promised Tai Chi session was not available because 'instructor was not around'.
Written November 7, 2011
LondonKjc
London60 contributions
Halong Bay - NOT worth it
Yes the scenery is attractive, but samey. There is no need to spend the outrageous fees for the so-called 2 day/1 night. The timing is a bit of a scam - you get on the boat at 12.30 and are returned at 11 the next day - and you are turfed out of your cabin at 9 am so they can clean it whilst you travel. So you actually get less than 24 hours on the water (and considerably less out of sight of the harbour) and on the '2nd day' are not able to use your cabin. Pretty unpleasant when it is during a typhoon. Take a one day tour and save hundreds. Or if you have been to other 'similar' island bay type places (NZ, China, Thailand) skip it as it didnt rank in the top 10 for us.
Written October 12, 2011
kevin&yvette
Leeds, UK149 contributions
Be very wary if swimming in bay
Halong bay was stunningly beautiful , we went on the Christina junk , the rooms were lovely , however everyone who jumped off the boat and swallowed the bay water got an upset stomach , my husband was really ill for a week . So def go just don't swallow any water , the Vietnamese government will have to tackle the problem of 500 junks flushing all the effluent into the bay !
Written September 8, 2011
jhaSacramentoUSA
Sacramento USA8 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Disappointed!
Jun 2011 • Couples
Not a 5 star as promise at all, I been traveling in many places and dont ever get me to fussy about ưhat I have exprience at bhaya. The small boat was dỉrty, we arrive and have briefing by the cruise mânager ưho is from philippine I couldnt understand exactly with his strong intonation english and find out it was the cruise itenerary, thanks thêre ứa printed one in the room, the lunch is ok but somehow salad was hot and the hot food was cold, The staff never speak english and find tô dificult to understand my diet cola request. The room is not what I expect, it was vẻry small, no hook to hang my clothes, broaken bathroom door, paint is faded walls and floors full of scratches, Limited hot water old bed sheet and towels.
The sundeck is dirty and very dảrk at night,
I order my drinks on happy our but it comes 15 minutes (beer not chilled offering me ice) Dinner was serve far from my request (I ák for medium rảre steak and it tủrn out to be well done)
The staff are vẻry noisy in the rêception with 2 female and 2 boys chatting wearing undershirt. The trip totally spoiled my ễxpectations when I saw the other boat Pâradise Cruise sit next to bhaya were I saw it beyond comparison. After our trip I checked the rates at pâradise to compare that I payed more than the other cruise offer. It was tottaly díappointing indeed! I will not recommend this cruise to anybody, please check first before you cònfirm you Halong bay trip
Written July 21, 2011
Paul_n_Cris
Melbourne, Australia1,741 contributions
Dragon's Pearl 3 with Indochina-junk Just brilliant
Jan 2011
From the may junks available we decided to go with the more expensive Indochina-Junk for the 3day-2 night trip (totally out of character my wife would say). But after returning yesterday the whole family agrees it was worth every cent. The boat was spotless (and was constantly being cleaned). Our cabins were a good size and the bed was really soooft. Lovely big windows that were kept almost invisably clean gave fantasic morning views to wake up to. The Chef started us off with an 8 course lunch on day one, and the food never dipped in quality and quantity. He even produced special meals for one of my sons who decided he had had enough sea food. the Chef diserved the standing ovation we gave him at the end. The trip took us out away from the normal islands visited, thus from the sun loungers on the top deck on day one and most of day 2, we only saw fishermen and increadable islands, not a single other junk. Kayaking, fishing village visit, swimming, fishing all on offer and the one thing that makes this trip so very special was the meal they put on in a cave for us. Our advice, splash out a bit and you get the extra you pay for.
Written January 22, 2011
…
32
33
34
Showing results 321-330 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Singapore, Singapore
3,669 contributions
transparency report
London, UK
85 contributions
Siem Reap, Cambodia
44 contributions
Dublin, Ireland
54 contributions
Brighton, UK
272 contributions
213 contributions
London
60 contributions
Leeds, UK
149 contributions
Sacramento USA
8 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
1,741 contributions
