Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Noeleen C
Perth, Australia12 contributions
0
3.0 of 5 bubbles
so good, and yet so bad at the same time1
Jan 2015 • Family
Having lived for some 27 years in the rugged wilderness of the Kimberley region of Western Australia, we were really looking forward to the renown expanses of the pristine expanses of the world heritage listed Halong Bay. This area is without a doubt one of the treasures of our planet and rightly deserves it's ranking in world destinations.
Unfortunately we only had a short stay with an overnight there and loved it--it's just such a shame that the operators and locals choose to treat the waterways as their rubbish tip. I have never ever sen so much refuse constantly floating past, for the whole length of our stay, as anywhere else in the world! The magnitude and array of refuse beggared belief!
I truly shudder to contemplate the consequences of this inaction and what it will amount to in years to come, unless the government acts now to arrest the enormous damage that's being done to the environment and to the long term income earning potential of this fabulous country.

The change in thinking has to start now--not when the waterways have killed the fish and crustaceans, and the tourists have tired of the plastic bag strangulation abuse and disregard of the ecosystem.
We can't tell the authorities what to do with their country but, if enough sensible tourists have the courage to say what needs to be said, then maybe the government might have enough intestinal fortitude to do what needs to be done to protect their greatest assets.
Don't be shy to have your say folks coz if you don't--it's just going to die before your eyes, and your kids will never believe what you tell them it was really like!!.
I truly love the place like no other, but if it continues like this, there will not be much point in going back again!
Gary C from Perth Western Australia.
Written May 1, 2015
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Lyn M
Darwin, Australia142 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Tourists Beware
Dec 2014 • Couples
In December we visited the much anticipated Halong Bay for a 2 night stay aboard the Violet Cruise ship. this trip was fortunately prior arranged through our travel agent in Hanoi. After a 4 hour road trip from Hanoi we arrived at Halong Bay to be advised that the trip may not proceed and that we would not know until 1pm
we boarded with one other couple and had a nice lunch. at 1 we were informed that the trip could proceed but that we may not be able to stay overnight or undertake the planned itinerary. we were take to an island where the options were to climb 400 stairs to the top or sit on the sand. as it was a cold overcast day there was nothing to be gained by climbing to the top. we reboarded and were told that we could overnight on the ship. we had a nice meal and slept well.
the next morning we were told that we could not follow the itinerary as we had to return to port at 9am. we could however choose from 2 tours one being a pearl farm and one to a limestone cave where you had to get down on your hand and knees to traverse. we chose the pearl farm and the other coupe to cave. on return the other couple wanted also to do the pearl farm but this was denied as we had to return to port due to weather.
once we returned to port we were informed that we would be joined by other couples and would not know if the day cruise would proceed until 1pm and then not until 5pm to know if we could overnight again. (as it turned out the cruise went nowhere)
we decided that rather than sit in the harbour until 1pm biding our time we would disembark and get a refund.
this is where the trouble really began as we had paid $1600 for a 2 night stay and were informed that we would get a refund of $300 and have to obtain and pay for our own accommodation onshore.
ultimately our travel agent arranged and paid for the nights accommodation onshore and argued for days with the shipping company about the refund. the Cruise Manager even detailed our short non event itinerary but the shipping company was adamant that it was our decision to leave the ship and our responsibility.
this left a nasty bitter taste in both couples mouths and since that time I have encountered many couples that have had similar experiences in Halong Bay.
as this seems to be a somewhat regular occurance the Violet Cruises should pre-warn tourists that there trip may not proceed and if this does happen what their options are.
we stayed on shore that evening in a Paradise Cruise hotel which was very nice, serviced by good staff and served good food. the whole hotel was full of tourists whose cruises were cancelled and they were all accommodated, fed and offered cruises the next morning.
My advice is not to book with Halong Violet Cruise and be warned that your cruise may be cancelled or changed at any time.
Written January 18, 2015
domtouche
Singapore, Singapore51 contributions
its a beautiful place and a tourist scam
Jul 2014 • Family
Lets start with the positive. Halong Bay is stunning and a real treat to the eyes. Now , on to the negatives : you have seen it better online and in the movies before! All boats have to stop in the same bay ( government regulations), all tourists go swim on the same disgustingly polluted and tiny beach, go kayaking in the same place. And oh, by the way, right before he shows you where to go, the guide lightly specifies that it is pointless to try to fish because its been a long time since the squids have disappeared. You will also visit the same underground cave....And will not be allowed to jump from the boat. No matter which boat you choose, you will experience the same "disaster in the making". As to the boats, the sleeping arrangements and the quality of the food will vary based on the price you are ready to pay. More expensive oats have fewer cabins so there will be fewer of you taking the same shot at 5am ( and no, dont think of taking a kayak in the morning, it is not part of the programme!).
Dont get me wrong, it might be the best thing ever for the Halong Bay that tourists are confined to a filthy , tiny portion of it. It may help the rest of the Bay to remain untouched - or at least I would hope so - but it surely makes fro a very poor experience. What is left? Either you go and see it for yourself. Or you dont go and will probably regret it forever. Try to go for a day without sleeping there?( I am not sure this is possible?) it would certainly not have been practical for us with 3 young kids and with a lengthy time to get to and from Halong bay being significant from Hanoi. In any case, 2 nights there is one night too many!
Written August 2, 2014
ZinamonKveen
Colombo, Sri Lanka786 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Breathtaking!
Sep 2013 • Friends
Possibly the most beautiful place I've visited so far. Swimming with flying fish while watching the sun set over the islands is an amazing experience.
Written September 30, 2013
GUK01
Manila, Philippines16 contributions
Go for two nights with Canary cruises
Aug 2013 • Couples
Don't even think of doing a Halong bay cruise for only one night, you will miss the best part. It is a four hour drive at least from Hanoi and to have to come back the next day cannot be fun. On your extra day you get to see the less touristy and crowded bit, the real wonder and beauty of the islands. We went on a two night cruise with Canary cruises and can highly recommend them, excellent facilities and staff and the food! Oh my, words cannot describe the assortment of dishes and the flavours, even the food on the extra day,that they take you on a smaller boat, is exceptional. They even cater for special dietary needs, however small. Yes, some of the attractions, like the Surprise cave ins crowded but is still worth a visit. The staff is very friendly and helpfull and our guide, Hub, is passionate about his job and his country, he is full of interesting bits of information. If there is one negative : they gave us knives and forks to eat with and not chopsticks, we want chopsticks in Vietnam.
Written August 13, 2013
SpoiledSpouse
Phuket, Thailand20 contributions
3
Overrated & a tourist trap
Nov 2012 • Friends
The landscape is impressive but don't expect it to be like the postcards. Maybe this is due to the vast number of tourist boats all going to the same place at the same time and even worse doing the same 'tourist' activity at the same time. There are just under 2000 limestone islets and I think we saw the same 5 from different angles. The boat did not go more than a couple of miles from the coast and you could still see the city for the the entire trip.
We did an overnight cruise with Paradise Cruises and will write a full review under tours but from reading other reviews it sounds like they are all pretty much the same and just follow the same itinerary - parrot fashion.
A few things to consider before booking:
- 3.5 hour journey from Hanoi - private transfers are expensive but really the only way to go.
- Overcrowded with boats and tourists
- Don't travel very far or see that much
- A 'theme park' feel to the whole experience
- Water is dirty with lots of rubbish
A private taylor-made trip may be the way to go if that's possible and I have heard that Bai Tu Long is much better experience so I would suggest a bit of research otherwise in my opinion just buy a postcard, use your imagination and save the money for some other wonder of the world.
Written November 23, 2012
JOP1_10
Sydney, Australia33 contributions
Halong Bay and Halong Violet
Jun 2011 • Friends
We visited Halong Bay and stayed on Halong Violet on their so called 2 day 1 night tour. I booked through Vietnam Tours who were very good. Clean, new and comfortable SUV with good driver. I would definitely recommend them.
We stayed on Halong Violet a junk that accommodates only 12 people. I was in the Phoenix suite which was very nice, four poster bed and spa bath, mini bar, wall to ceiling windows.
I would recommend Halong Violet. It wasn't cheap but I believe it is as luxurious as you are probably going to get. The food was very nice and was plentiful. There are plenty of activities if you are so inclined. We visited a fishing village and took a ride on a bamboo boat ( personally I would pass on that excursion and just enjoy the junk whilst everyone else is off it), and visited a cave which the Halong junk people intend to use in the future to host dinners.
Dinner was al a carte and there was a choice of 5 mains, which I found surprising and a reasonable but pricey wine list.
In the morning, Tai chi, a cooking demo (very simple spring rolls - but it was fun)' kayaking and various other activities were offered.
The junk business is highly competitive and there are a lot of junks on the water, some of them pretty large and accommodating large groups. The Halong Cruise people were keen to discuss their future plans and look for future development opportunities as they recognise the competitive environment.
Halong Bay itself had been on my " to visit" list for a number of years. The drive from Hanoi to Halong takes about 3 hours and is dull, there is little to see.
Halong is very obviously being developed as a tourist destination which large, new hotels lining the bay and tour buses everywhere.
The Bay itself is quite pretty but I wasn't overwhelmed by it. It is quite polluted and there is an abundance of junks on it and they all seem to stick together, so it wasn't a secluded relaxing experience.
One night was definitely enough and I don't see myself going back. I have now crossed it off the list.
Written July 2, 2011
nicola_peers
London, UK16 contributions
BEAUTIFUL AT A DISTANCE BUT NO BIRDS, NO FISH? AND LOTS OF TRASH IN THE WATER
May 2011
It was great to speand a night aboad Jasmine junk - great food and service. But the only bird we saw was a bird of prey. Where are all the sea birds ? I was expecting to see millions of them and didnt see one! The water is full of rubbish so I didnt swim in it. No sign of any fish - no ripples on the water - maybe thats why there are no birds. What a shame.
Written May 13, 2011
alexandem
Winchcombe, UK21 contributions
1
A-Class Tour to Halong Bay
Apr 2011
My girlfriend and I have just come back from Halong Bay. We had a good experience overall with our trip booked through our hotel with A-Class travel.
That said, before booking its worth considering the following :
- Marketing literature - the literature that A-Class use when promoting the tour is for their flagship boat (the A-Class boat). However, they can't actually guarantee that you'll get that boat (despite any assurances you might receive when booking). Upon arrival in Halong Bay, we were informed that the boat was in the dockyard for repair, and therefore we were transferred to another boat (the Marguerite Junk) which was of a noticably lower standard / quality.
- 1 night or 2 nights ? - we originally booked on the 2 night tour, but there didn't seem to be enough variety in the itinery to warrant the extra time so we ended up changing to the 1 night tour. On balance, I would say 1 night is enough.
- 3 day / 2 night tours - For 2 night tours, it seems to be standard practice to transfer passengers to a different Junk for the second night. We weren't told about this when booking the tour, and other passengers claim that they were given assurances to the contrary. In any case, it seems logical for this to be the norm in order to accomodate the various combinations of tours in the bay. This was a contributing factor in our decision to change to the 1 night tour.
- "Superior" vs "Deluxe" cabin - you'll more than likely be offered an option to "upgrade" your cabin for an extra $20 per person. This didn't seem to be worth it as there wasn't any noticeable difference between the 2 cabin types. Besides, you won't spend any time in your cabin anyway!
- Food - food was distinctly average, although my girlfriend's dietary requirements (no sea-food) were catered for. Make sure you mention this when booking as most of the food served contains some form of sea-food.
- Activities - included kayaking and a visit to the "surprising cave". These were ok, although again, probably not enough to occupy you for 3 days. One criticism I have is that the itinery was very packed and regimented leaving little time to chill out and sunbathe on deck or go swimming. Also, we were told we could go squid fishing on the first night, although this seemed to consist of being handed a net and left to your own devices.
- Drinks - not included in the price (although this is common with nearly all of the Halong Bay cruises). Note that if you bring your own booze on board, you will be expected to pay corkage of $10 per person. The bar on board will expect you to start a tab, so it may be worth keeping a mental note of how many drinks you order to ensure you are charged for the correct amount.
- Tour guide - we had a very good tour guide named "Twan" who spoke perfect English. He definitely helped to make our trip as enjoyable as possible.
- Other passengers - if you're lucky, you'll be a put with a good group of people like we were. We met people of several nationalities with whom we played cards and drank a few beers.
Marguerite Junk
Some observations on the Marguerite Junk
- Shower mouldy and leaked over the bathroom floor
- No WIFI or Computer despite this being promised in the brochure (although, why would you need that anyway!?!?)
So, in a nutshell Halong bay is definitely worth a visit but keep an open mind (to avoid any disappointment!) and be careful not to be taken in by the marketing. 2 days / 1 night is plenty of time to spend there.
nB. It should be noted that after several passengers on our tour complained, the tour operator called all of the hotels to apologise for the disappointment and we were offered partial refunds of the tour price.
Written April 28, 2011
EFW333
McMinnville, OR47 contributions
Don't go cheap....
Mar 2011
Best advise I can offer;
Spead the extra money to get the best boat you can.
Stay 2 nights!
If you can afford to splurge this is the place to do it.
Glad we visited and very glad we went first class.
Written April 24, 2011
…
25
26
27
Showing results 251-260 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Perth, Australia
12 contributions
transparency report
Darwin, Australia
142 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
51 contributions
Colombo, Sri Lanka
786 contributions
Manila, Philippines
16 contributions
Phuket, Thailand
20 contributions
Sydney, Australia
33 contributions
London, UK
Winchcombe, UK
21 contributions
McMinnville, OR
47 contributions
