Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
cityofbeauty
Singapore, Singapore177 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay with Indochina Sail Cruise
There are just so many junks to choose for Halong Bay Cruise ranging from US$80 to US$200 but after reading the advice from trip advisor, we have decided to go ahead with Indochina Sail at the rate of US$189 per person for 2D1N. I must say we were very impressed with the service provided by Indochina sail. Everything was booked online directly with them and payment was safe through visa. They picked us up in a very comfortable 10 seater van and the journey was around 3.5 hours. Upon arrival, you're invited to rest at their own waiting lounge while waiting to board the junk. Their services were great and the guide speaks good English. We told them that we're celebrating our Anniversary and they have upgraded us to their deluxe cabin and a bouquet of flowers were arranged upon our arrival. We also met great friends from all over the world and the kayaking was really fun although the weather was cold. The food was also well served and I can say it's delicious! The cabin was clean and the junk was beautiful since it's relatively new (2008). If you're looking for memorable Halong Bay cruise, pay for Indochina as at the end of the trip, you will bring back a memorable trip and more friends, just like we did. Well done, Indochina Sail!
Written March 19, 2010
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Haibui
hanoi8 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Bai Tu Long Junk
Halong bay is a nature heritage site, i was admire of the beauty of the bay in Vietnam, one more we really enjoy a trip on bai tu long junk with new branch named "whitedolphincruises" so clean, luxury and professional crews. thanks and hope to see you again
Written February 19, 2009
PM6
Fremantle, Australia250 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong dream - not
We are just back from a brilliant Vietnam holiday. We went to stunning Halong Bay and did a three day two night package with Hai Long Junks - discoverhalong.

It was the most disappointing experience. Our two night three day trip was really two one night trips put together.
After night one we were taken off our comfortable junk onto an uncomfortable boat to chug around for the day to the sound of a diesel engine while our comfortable boat and luggage went back to port to pick up the next lot of tourists.
We met our boat that afternnoon with new shipmates at an attraction we had done the day before.. essentially repeating our tour.
We then requested to go out in Canoes ... 20USD and we were allowed no time to go.
Halong Bay is beautiful with the 600+ diesel boats chugging around ...but don't waste your time or money with this company doing the two night trip ... not worth it.
Written September 19, 2007
Garson H
Toronto, Canada298 contributions
5
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Polluted
Apr 2019 • Couples
This was my second time in Halong Bay. It really is a beautiful area however I was disgusted with all of the garbage in the water. How could people lack such respect? There was non-stop floating bottles, wrappers, plastic bags etc If I were one of the many cruise lines I would get together with the other cruise lines and fund a clean up. The government also needs to impose strict punishment for littering. Shame! I would not recommend Halong Bay unless they clean it and respect the environment.
Written April 18, 2019
Jacob N
Skellefteå, Sweden25 contributions
3
1.0 of 5 bubbles
A tour to watch the sea cry
Mar 2019 • Couples
So incredibly sad to see all the pieces of plastic and other fabrics floating around in the sea. How is someone not cleaning this up? The tourists are contributing with billions of dong each year in order to see this "wonderful place", but somehow no one is taking responsibility for all the garbage in the sea. It is so sad, because it is such a wonderful place otherwise. Clean this place up!
Written March 25, 2019
dandmkirk
Southern California6 contributions
6
The beauty is gone
Feb 2019 • Couples
What we thought would be a highlight of our Vietnam trip, Halong Bay, was just the opposite. People who visited in past years would not recognize it. Fishing villages have been cleared out and construction companies are building thousands of concrete units lining all sides of the bay, plus casinos and amusement parks.The islands are still there, but the bay itself is full of boats, most in disrepair, following one right after another. The pictures you see have been tailored to show one boat not the hundreds that cruise in every direction.
Written March 11, 2019
kashyap
guwahati59 contributions
4
Beautiful
Dec 2018 • Family
Had read a few reviews about how full of oil, floating plastic waste and the heavy presence of other cruise ships have spoilt the charm of the Bay for some visitors. Well, maybe a very occasional plastic bottle ? A speck in the vast blue/green? I did look out for oil but was too distracted by the mystical beauty of my surroundings to notice that. As for the presence of other ships, how about going to see St. Mark's Square, Venice, through the throngs of people? enjoy the Bamboo forest, Arashiyama? One has to be able to look beyond the mundane at what matters. Sailing along the Bay it is absolutely possible to enjoy viewing individual limestone islands or ranges of them without hindrance. And watching them against the setting sun and the mist is out of this world. I would recommend seeing the Bay and judging for oneself instead of restricting oneself to the views of somebody else.
Yes, a lot of hotels being constructed, but that is on the mainland BEFORE one sets out sailing out.
As with every other popular tourist attraction in every other part of the world , authorities do have to place restrictions on activities that are not sustainable.
Written February 9, 2019
D0rHa
Hong Kong, China113 contributions
If you take care a little bit, you'll have a nice day
Take care of the following:
1. If you drive on the highway, it's 2 hours from Hanoi, but if they take you on the ordinary roads, it's 4 hours. If you make a 1day trip, usually you have a 4hours program on the lake (boating, lunch, caves, boating again). If you have to travel twice 4 hours, it doesn't make sense. If you travel twice 2 hours, it's ok. Ask the tourist agent not only the length of the trip, because they will say that "we'll, it depends on the traffic, blablabla". Ask directly if you will be taken on the highway.
2. Be on alert and check where you are taken and if you see that you are not taken on the highway, as agreed, do not hesitate to contact your agent immediately. We were taken on an ordinary road, not the highway. I called the agent and told her that we are very angry and we feel being cheated. She called the boss of the driver and called me back. When she called me back, the boss of the driver called the driver and soon we were on the highway. It took 3 hours, because we lost the first hour, we didn't call the agent quick enough, but on the way back they didn't even try this trick and the trip back to Hanoi was less than 2 hours.
2. Make sure you have a phone number where you can reach the agent if needed. After payment, I was given a phone number, but it did not work.
Luckily, I had another number too, the number of the lady, with whom I was in contact from the beginning by email. I got the number accidentally: the email didn't work from China, where I live, so I asked for her WhatsApp contact. I was given her phone number so that we can contact by WhatsApp. If I don't ask for her WhatsApp contact, I don't have any number I can call. So, if you are given a phone number, call it to make sure it works.
Otherwise the Haling Bay is beautiful, the tours are organised correctly, everyone is very kind, the food is gorgeous, etc.
Written December 25, 2018
gatocanada
London, UK305 contributions
Read this for short highway trip and more...
Sep 2018 • Couples
Be aware that there is a new highway to Halong Bay cutting the time almost in half, but just a few tour operators are using it. Make sure to book your day tour with one that offers the drive on this new road, otherwise you will be 9 hours sitting on o a uncomfortable bus. Also for more money try to pick a tour with limousine bus or van, the bus only has 3 seats per row and the van 2 seats, seats are very confortable and lots of leg room, the regular buses are a torture!! no leg room, impossible to recline seat, very narrow seats, etc, etc.
Reason for tours not using new road probably is that they will not have the break stop set up, I mean that on the long road there is an stop on a huge craft shop and souvenir store where all the drivers and guides get free meal for stoping there, so my guess is that on the new road there is no this kind of stop yet, and also if all tours take the new road this stores will go out of business.
Another thing if you pick the tour with Ti Top island, don't bother to choose the swim instead of climbing the hill, the beach is pretty small and there is nothing special, jelly fish only!!. Way better to climb the hill and the view from the top is amazing.
Another thing, there is an option for kayacking or bamboo boat, the boat ride will take like 10 minutes only, but if you choose the kayac, you can take like 30 minutes on your own.
One more thing, if are planning on a 2 day tour, consider doing a 1 day only and on the other day do a Ninh Binh tour.
Written September 24, 2018
Lara981
Amsterdam, The Netherlands94 contributions
Loss of Magic...
Oct 2017 • Friends
We really wanted to go to Halong Bay for the breathtaking nature. We arranged a cruise on a boat via one of our hostels and were really excited to go. Getting to the boat everything was still great; enough space and good beds to sleep in. The boat is a little old, but in a charming way.
As you arrive the first thing you see is that it seems that all tourists in Vietnam are gathered in one place. Then you take off and all the same boats drive the waters with a million canon camera’s, creating an extremely touristic view inside of Halong Bay.
It seems all cruises have the same schedule; lunch, which is mainly Western, because it seems they think this is all we eat. Then you can relax on the boat and take in a bit of Halong Bay, which is cool. But then the queuing begins at the “Surprising Cave”. All the tourists are gathered on the same stairs and it’s a waiting game for when to move on. The cave itself is beautiful, but the magic is taken out of it by the many people that are being squeezed through the same pathway at once.
Then you go to the little beach and you have the great view over halong bay at the peak. We didn’t even bother to go up, because we were so fed up with the queuing and all the people that are on the same pathway.
Then it’s back to the boat for a spring roll snack, which was really nice and fun to roll! This probably varies per cruise.
Then dinner came with almost only fried stuff; chicken nuggets, fries, fried fish and some rice. The evening however was great, because we had a fun group, so we ended up drinking and laughing together. Next morning kayaking at 6.30 for some exercise before breakfast, which was fun to do alongside the bay. Then we had breakfast, again Western, to then go to the pearl farm; another touristic attraction with an expensive pearl shop.
All and all this was really not our thing and quite frankly a waste of our money; the cruise was around 100 USD per person for which you get a return bus ride (3,5 hrs) from Hanoi to Halong city, 1x breakfast, 2x lunch, 1x dinner, drinks are not included and are almost twice the price as on mainland. We don’t think the cruise is too expensive for what you get, but we had higher expectations of the whole experience. The nature is amazing, but the magic is completely lost by the many tourists and the commerciality around the area.
Written October 18, 2017
1
…
26
27
28
Showing results 261-270 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Singapore, Singapore
177 contributions
transparency report
hanoi
8 contributions
Fremantle, Australia
250 contributions
Toronto, Canada
298 contributions
Skellefteå, Sweden
25 contributions
Southern California
6 contributions
guwahati
59 contributions
Hong Kong, China
113 contributions
London, UK
305 contributions
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
94 contributions
