Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Jurnee
Vancouver, Canada324 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Still beautiful despite the garbage
Apr 2019 • Solo
Like so many other tourists doing the standard itinerary of Vietnam, I did a 2 day Halong Bay cruise with Le Theatre Cruises. The scenery is beautiful, despite the fact that the weather was clouded over and grey. My biggest disappointment however, was all the garbage that was floating in the bay. When our group went kayaking, some of us picked up the garbage on the way and came back with virtually full kayaks - with everything from rusted fishing nets, blocks of disintegrating Styrofoam, and, of course, the ubiquitous plastic items. The bay itself is becoming very crowded with cruise ships, and if the problem of throwing garbage into the bay is not addressed, I don’t think it will be as wonderful a tourist experience anymore.
On the plus side, the virtually new cruise ship that I was on from Le Theatre Cruises was gorgeous. The decor is reminiscent of a high end ocean liner and everything is five-star here. The rooms are beautifully outfitted with a large bathroom and balcony, the staff is exceptional - from the waiters to the spa service - and the food was among the best I had during my entire time in Vietnam. It’s just a shame that most of the cruises on Halong Bay are only one night because I would have loved to have stayed on this ship.
Written April 8, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Ivan W
Harrogate, UK91 contributions
3
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Awful polluted place over tourism, needs to be shut down
Mar 2019 • Solo
Just like similar places in the Philippines and Thailand this bay needs to be closed to all tourist for at least a year so that what beaches there are, can be cleaned up. Regulations should limit the amount of boats in the harbour, and provide real facilities. This area would shame any tourist board it basically is a slum with no quality facilities at all, and hundreds of unfinished properties that will probably never be finished as there appears to be no planning laws. Dolphin and seals kept in horrendous circus conditions.A potentially beautiful area is now a disgrace, AVOID.
Written March 9, 2019
bonzaway
Melbourne, Australia11 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Venezia cruises 100%
Dec 2018 • Friends
This is my 3rd trip to Halong bay. My previous trips were to the more touristy part of Halong bay so I was definitely able to appreciate the difference with Venezia & sailing around Lan ha bay.

We did a 3 day 2 night cruise with Venezia. Venezia is a new boat with only 10 cabins which we loved as it was a much smaller group. The boat was absolutely gorgeous, rooms were spotless, everything was well maintained. The staff were always smiling & helpful, The food was delicious & every meal was a different surprise.
But The stand out reasons why I would recommend this cruise with Venezia:
Venezia is one of a handful of boats that actually does the tours originating from lan ha bay instead of Halong bay. This is the less touristy side of Halong bay where you travel further into the bay. The scenery is much the same as Halong bay but just with a lot less tourists. On the second day we also visited catba island
The itinerary:
They pack a lot into their 3 day tours but we had plenty of time to enjoy everything & it never felt rushed.
Highlights Day 1: afternoon kayak in a lovely peaceful cove
Day 2: this was the day that made this trip so worthwhile.
There were only 6 of us staying the 2 nights & although we did a lot it never felt rushed or exhausting.
We visited Catba island and did a bicycle tour around viet hai village. The scenery was spectacular. One minute you’re in the beauty of Halong bay but as you ride around the corner you’re suddenly surrounded by a lush jungle with a gorgeous lake on one side, you ride through a cave along a jungle path and into a small very charming farming village.
Our guide showed us around the village & farms & explained about the local culture & history of the village. We did a short walk up to the caves & the area they call monkey island, we then a ampled some local wines (including snake wine) & then returned to our day boat for lunch.
In the afternoon we passed a couple of floating fishing villages & spent a few hours Kayaking around the different bays & discovered a couple of little inhabited islands before returning to the boat for dinner
Day 3: visited the hospital caves, lunch the transfer back to Hanoi
The two male guides we had on day 1 & 2 Alan & Khan were fantastic. Khan in particular had a lot of local knowledge & spent time explaining the local traditions to us. You could tell they loved their work & entertaining us foreigners.
I would 100% recommend the 3 days as you really get to experience the beauty of Halong bay, time to relax & unwind on a beautiful boat & an actual full day of activities rather than just 2 days where you’re often travelling on a
bus. Venezias service was very professional, and everything they did exceeded my expectations.
Written January 3, 2019
Steven B
Richboro, PA13 contributions
4
Perfect day trip with professional guides and excellent communication
Jul 2018 • Family
We were in Vietnam only for 4 days and tried to squeeze in as much as possible. We prebooked a trip to Sapa for the first two days and left the last 2 days to explore Hanoi. On on return trip from Sapa to Hanoi, we were remiss in not having booked a trip to Halong Bay. We researched on our phones for day trips to Halong Bay. We found a company that looked suitable and at 5 p.m.. I sent them an email "begging" them in a way fo any possiblity of a day trip the next morning. Within minutes we got a return email and within 30 minutes and an exchange of several emails, we were booked for a trip by a woman named Rose. She 100% accomodated all our requests and thoroughly followed up with everything we would need for our trip. The next day the driver was waiting for us at our hotel, the car was perfectly air conditioned, and our tour guide spoke perfect english. Arriving at Halong Bay, we were "kings for the day". The private boat tour could not have been more perfect. The lunch was a lunch for kings. We opted to take advantage of a few stops and extra tours along the way at the bay. The entire trip exceeded all our expectations. THANK YOU Day Tours Hanoi! Especially Rose who followed up to make sure we were 100% satified. We highly recommend daytourshanoi.com.
Written December 27, 2018
Virginie130
London, UK5 contributions
Be careful : do not book Halong Bay Cruise with Mr Lap
Oct 2018 • Couples
We booked a private 2 days/1 night cruise with Mr Lap (hoanglaphp@gmail.com and Facebook Lap Hoang Cat Ba) on the recommendation of friends. We were promised a boat with 3 members of staff to cruise around Halong Bay, La Han Bay and some quieter areas in the eastern side of the bay. When we arrived the boat was different than the one on the photo sent by Mr Lap. We followed the boats doing a 1-day tour and at 4pm we were asked to change boat. Here the captain was not understanding a word of English and did’t know what to do so we had to call Mr Lap who spoke with him. The boat was unfit to sail, tatty with no running water (or shower), no electricity and actually unsafe (broken bench on edge of the boat, broken glass windows and doors). At the time to go to bed (no bedroom but on side bed in the cabin), we saw a rat on the other bed! At 2am we got awaken by the rat on our bed and decided to sleep outside on the upper deck. The next day we were told that we wouldn’t cruise and would only go to Monkey island on the way back to Cat Ba (which we had done the day before)! Mr Lap didn’t want to hear anything when we got back and behaved like a baby, running away on his scooter. We tried to get some money back but he never replied to any of our messages. We want to warn other travelers to NOT BOOK WITH MR LAP .
Written December 24, 2018
Paula GE
Nashville, TN14 contributions
Beware! Lots of scams!
Mar 2018 • Friends
I do not recommend going to Ha Long Bay. Water is terribly contaminated. However if you do, be very careful! Most “cruises” are scams. Boats are nothing like the show in the pictures and the people working in them are aggressive and mistreat tourists. We were told the boat had already sailed, so the took us to it in a speedboat, that way you are already there and can’t leave when you see the terrible conditions of the boat. Then there weren’t enough rooms for all of us. Horrible experience. Do not book your trip with Halong Happy Travel!
Written October 3, 2018
rorinator
Rothesay, Canada15 contributions
Ibiza cruise
May 2018 • Couples
I took a cruise with Ibiza
To see if halong bay was cool
When I finally got to shore
Felt 10 years older
But frig it was somethin to do
You don’t want to be scammed like me
Never really know what’s in the beer like me
You don’t want to go to bed with no AC, all alone
You don’t wanna see the tourists mad like this
Never knowing where the rats are like this
You don’t want to be stuck up on that boat, stuck up on that boat
PS halong bay is beautiful but can not recommend Ibiza Cruise 😟
Written May 25, 2018
839mel
Montreal, Canada10 contributions
Terrible experience with Mr. Lap
Feb 2018 • Family
Switch and bait, and worse… We booked a private 3D/2N boat tour of Halong Bay/ Lan Ha Bay with Mr. Lap Hoang (Facebook: Lap Hoang Cat Ba) on the recommendation of a fellow traveler. Unfortunately here is what happened. Mr. Lap sent us photos of a boat. When we arrived, it wasn’t the same boat. The captain and cook spoke very limited English or French. Therefore, instructions on where to kayak was minimal and unclear. Mr. Lap described an itinerary so we would stay in Halong Bay the second night; however, by the afternoon of the second day, the captain was already returning back to return our kayaks (against our agreement that we could kayak whenever we wanted for all 3 days) and we were only 30 minutes from Cat Ba Town. Supposedly he intended for us to stay the night close by and we were to spend the 3rd day (until 3PM) back in day tripper territory, only visiting Monkey Island apparently. When we found out after lunch on the second day that this would happen, we called Mr. Lap, who seemed to say that he had arranged so many different groups that he couldn’t keep track of who wanted what itinerary. We went back to Cat Ba Town with the captain (so it became a 2D/1N tour). Mr. Lap refunded us part of the money (not enough), and also kept the bus money we gave him instead of booking the return bus ride. We want to warn other travelers against booking with Mr. Lap. Perhaps, in the past, this kind of ‘shortened’ tour happened because travelers didn’t know where they were, but with GPS on our phone, we had evidence what happened and how we were swindled.
Written May 10, 2018
Seaside164350
19 contributions
0
Extremely dirty and full
Oct 2017 • Family
Yes, Halong Bay is amazingly beautiful but so dirty and over populated with tourists you wouldn't ever want to come back. We had an ok time but felt guilty to be contributing for the destruction of such an
Incredibly beautiful place. It is difficult to enjoy it. There are more than 500 boats littering everywhere. You see plastic bottles swimming together with biological trash. We did not dare going for a swim.
Written October 14, 2017
Jane S
3 contributions
Shocking pollution
Aug 2017 • Couples
I had an overnight cruise on Halong Bay in late July 2017. The weather was perfect, the scenery was beautiful. BUT there were boats everywhere, hundreds of boats. The air was full of engine noise and black smoky exhaust fumes. I woke early the second day to see boats all around. And where were the emerald waters? Hidden by miles of floating rubbish, junk of every kind. We were offered a chance to swim and turned it down with a shudder. Shame on you UNESCO and shame on you Vietnam for allowing the polluted mess that is Halong Bay.
Written August 22, 2017
1
…
29
30
31
Showing results 291-300 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Vancouver, Canada
324 contributions
transparency report
Harrogate, UK
91 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
11 contributions
Richboro, PA
13 contributions
London, UK
5 contributions
Nashville, TN
14 contributions
Rothesay, Canada
15 contributions
Montreal, Canada
