Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Vietnam
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamVietnam HotelsVietnam Beach Hotels
THE 10 BEST Vietnam Beach Hotels
View map
Vietnam Beach Hotels
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Ho Chi Minh City Beach Hotels
Hanoi Beach Hotels
Da Lat Beach Hotels
Da Nang Beach Hotels
Nha Trang Beach Hotels
Hoi An Beach Hotels
Vung Tau Beach Hotels
Phu Quoc Island Beach Hotels
Hai Phong Beach Hotels
Hue Beach Hotels
Sapa Beach Hotels
Quy Nhon Beach Hotels
Phan Thiet Beach Hotels
Halong Bay Beach Hotels
Can Tho Beach Hotels
Ha Long Beach Hotels
Phu Huu Beach Hotels
Cat Ba Beach Hotels
Ninh Binh Beach Hotels
Duong Dong Beach Hotels
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Hostels
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Distance from
25 mi
War Remnants Museum
Vietnam Adventure Tours
Old Quarter
Hoi An Ancient Town
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Show more
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
VBA Hospitality Group
Silverland Hotels & Spas
505 of 3015 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Beachfront
2023
1. Havana Nha Trang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2,650 reviews
#1 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Nhung N
"Very attentive, friendly staff (Mr Nhut) helped us to upgrade to a better room because there were 2 young children and the room was very nice with a bath with a great sea view."
Best Seller
2. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
3,040 reviews
#2 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Neil R
"In the perfect area of the beach lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections. Beach across the street, would come back again"
3. Furama Resort Danang
Resort
5,326 reviews
#3 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Teo11111
"Furama Beach Resort has one of the best beaches in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away."
Top Rated
4. Monarque Hotel
3,029 reviews
#4 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Wayne C
"The beach is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful beach area this is it."
5. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#5 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By jkung2
"Nice room, with a great view of the beach (we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe beach. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to beach in afternoon around 4pm its perfect."
6. Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,006 reviews
#6 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Chongming
"Grab car from the airport to this beach front hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the beach and near convenient stores. Our room with Ocean view is marvelous."
7. New World Phu Quoc Resort
1,049 reviews
#7 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Thanh Thư
"In my view, I think New World is one of the best beach resorts in Phu Quoc with peaceful beach, good service and delicious food in morning buffet & dinner at Lửa restaurant."
Visit hotel website
8. Bamboo Village Beach Resort & Spa
4,020 reviews
#8 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Explore01783937878
"As soon as you come out of the resort, we just need to cross the road and there is a direct path leading to the beach. It’s a private beach, very clean and clear water, a very good place to relax and chill."
9. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,819 reviews
#9 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Boseok lee
"This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the beach, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure."
10. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
901 reviews
#10 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Laura H
"The beach is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The beach itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists."
All Inclusive
11. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Nha Trang Bay
3,475 reviews
#11 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Thao N
"It was amazing time, nice beach with white sand and serene beach, kind staff, tasty buffet ( breakfast, lunch and dinner). my family will come back to Vinpearl resort & spa Nha Trang bay for this new year vacation :)"
12. Vinpearl Beachfront Nha Trang
917 reviews
#12 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Samson T
"To start, the hotel room we stayed in was extremely clean and the view of the ocean from the room was breathtaking. Being able to wake up to the sounds of the ocean was very relaxing."
13. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Phu Quoc
3,306 reviews
#13 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Kaylin Ng
"My family were arrange on the 6th floor which have a truly breathtaking sea view. Many picture was issue at this beautiful place^^ We got up early to walk along side the beach."
14. Vinpearl Resort Nha Trang
2,754 reviews
#14 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Jerome M
"Specifically, An, she constantly messaged me back and forth to make sure every detail was set to perfection, the staff had organised a private dinner on the beach with a beautiful set up, our room was also decorated."
15. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,461 reviews
#15 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Merve S.
"But the real hero of our trip was one of your beach attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming."
16. The Anam Cam Ranh
1,443 reviews
#16 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Yeonsoo C
"The beach view was so nice, the room was very clean and the all the facilities such as the swimming pool and the gym were well equipped. The SPA was fantastic and very relaxing and comforting."
17. Amiana Resort Nha Trang
2,507 reviews
#17 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By TrungHoang14
"The beach is quite small but safe for children to play around. The sea water swimming pool is very interesting and we think we might go to this resort again in the near future."
18. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,077 reviews
#18 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By suwanatatnina2
"The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with ocean view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. ."
19. Hon Tam Resort
1,586 reviews
#19 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By 606MiaF
"The hotel has private beach and a big pool just near it, it was really nice and chill to enjoy both. If you bring snorkels you can see many fishes in the area, it was awesome."
20. Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,851 reviews
#20 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By H H Lim
"The room was great and spacious, nice ocean view and slippers provided for the beach. The beach was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the beach for meals too."
21. Fusion Suites Vung Tau
1,128 reviews
#21 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Discover54820482573
"Fusionsuites is located near the beach, cool breeze, cute and neat hotel room, thank you Canh bellboy, and the bell team always welcomes you with delicious tea, fun, enthusiastic, careful transportation."
22. Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang
1,275 reviews
#22 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Warwick L
"Our room was located withing a few steps to the beach and pool, and was clean and well appointed. We particularly enjoyed the beach and swimming pool which was never crowded, and always kept immaculate."
23. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#23 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By nerney1961
"The private beach of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the beach was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo."
24. Mia Resort Nha Trang
1,919 reviews
#24 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By NWMale12345
"Breakfast is served near to the beach, and caters for all tastes with a varied selection. A relaxed atmosphere, with attentive staff made eating breakfast in there perfect with stunning views on the ocean and sand."
25. Palm Garden Resort Hoi An
3,738 reviews
#25 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Lance
"Lifeguard on duty who was very helpful with towels etc and even came to the beach to watch out for the swimmers. There is a very nice small beach just to the left of the stairs so no need to go anywhere else."
26. Fusion Resort Cam Ranh
725 reviews
#26 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Leo N
"It was a great stay at this secluded place. The resort brings back many memories about this beach where I was playing and swimming a decade ago where it was nothing but white sand and turquoise water."
27. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,227 reviews
#27 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Ethen K
"A very lovely man who took time to meet our baby, sit down with us for breakfast and actually gave us a free upgrade to the Ocean-view room for our final 3 nights staying at the Resort."
28. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,641 reviews
#28 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Sharma M
"I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the beach. From the room, I could embrace the entire ocean."
29. Alma Resort Cam Ranh
996 reviews
#29 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By Kim M
"The pure white sandy beach is stunning and love walking the miles of it late afternoon .... rarely cross paths with anyone. Waves crashing and the best way to take in you daily exercise."
30. Seashells Phu Quoc Hotel & Spa
334 reviews
#30 Best Value of 505 Vietnam Beach Hotels
By BER_Jerry
"The rooms are spacious and clean, bed is comfortable and the view from the balcony on the rooms with sea view are nice. There is a small private sandy beach area and very nice and big swimming pool."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Vietnam Hotels Information
Hotels in Vietnam
508
Hotels Prices From
$14
Hotels Reviews
256,903
Hotels Photos
352,242
Frequently Asked Questions about Vietnam hotels
What is the price for beach hotels in Vietnam?

$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
505 of 3015
Nhung N
Neil R
In the perfect area of the beach lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections. Beach across the street, would come back again
In the perfect area of the
beach
lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections.
Beach
across the street, would come back again
Teo11111
Furama Beach Resort has one of the best beaches in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away.
Furama
Resort has one of the best
beaches
in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away.
Wayne C
The beach is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful beach area this is it.
The
is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful
beach area
this is it.
jkung2
Nice room, with a great view of the beach (we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe beach. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to beach in afternoon around 4pm its perfect.
Nice room, with a great view of the
(we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe
. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to
in afternoon around 4pm its perfect.
Chongming
Grab car from the airport to this beach front hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the beach and near convenient stores. Our room with Ocean view is marvelous.
Grab car from the airport to this
beach front
hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the
and near convenient stores. Our room with
Ocean
view is marvelous.
Thanh Thư
In my view, I think New World is one of the best beach resorts in Phu Quoc with peaceful beach, good service and delicious food in morning buffet & dinner at Lửa restaurant.
In my view, I think New World is one of the best
resorts in Phu Quoc with peaceful
, good service and delicious food in morning buffet & dinner at Lửa restaurant.
Explore01783937878
As soon as you come out of the resort, we just need to cross the road and there is a direct path leading to the beach. It’s a private beach, very clean and clear water, a very good place to relax and chill.
As soon as you come out of the resort, we just need to cross the road and there is a direct path leading to the
. It’s a private
, very clean and clear water, a very good place to relax and chill.
Boseok lee
This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the beach, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure.
This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the
, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure.
Laura H
The beach is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The beach itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists.
is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The
itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists.
Thao N
It was amazing time, nice beach with white sand and serene beach, kind staff, tasty buffet ( breakfast, lunch and dinner). my family will come back to Vinpearl resort & spa Nha Trang bay for this new year vacation :)
It was amazing time, nice
with white sand and serene
, kind staff, tasty buffet ( breakfast, lunch and dinner). my family will come back to Vinpearl resort & spa Nha Trang bay for this new year vacation :)
Samson T
To start, the hotel room we stayed in was extremely clean and the view of the ocean from the room was breathtaking. Being able to wake up to the sounds of the ocean was very relaxing.
To start, the hotel room we stayed in was extremely clean and the view of the
ocean
from the room was breathtaking. Being able to wake up to the sounds of the
was very relaxing.
Kaylin Ng
My family were arrange on the 6th floor which have a truly breathtaking sea view. Many picture was issue at this beautiful place^^ We got up early to walk along side the beach.
My family were arrange on the 6th floor which have a truly breathtaking sea view. Many picture was issue at this beautiful place^^ We got up early to walk along side the
.
Jerome M
Specifically, An, she constantly messaged me back and forth to make sure every detail was set to perfection, the staff had organised a private dinner on the beach with a beautiful set up, our room was also decorated.
Specifically, An, she constantly messaged me back and forth to make sure every detail was set to perfection, the staff had organised a private dinner on the
with a beautiful set up, our room was also decorated.
Merve S.
But the real hero of our trip was one of your beach attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming.
But the real hero of our trip was one of your
attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming.
Yeonsoo C
The beach view was so nice, the room was very clean and the all the facilities such as the swimming pool and the gym were well equipped. The SPA was fantastic and very relaxing and comforting.
view was so nice, the room was very clean and the all the facilities such as the swimming pool and the gym were well equipped. The SPA was fantastic and very relaxing and comforting.
TrungHoang14
The beach is quite small but safe for children to play around. The sea water swimming pool is very interesting and we think we might go to this resort again in the near future.
is quite small but safe for children to play around. The sea water swimming pool is very interesting and we think we might go to this resort again in the near future.
suwanatatnina2
The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with ocean view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. .
The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with
view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. .
606MiaF
The hotel has private beach and a big pool just near it, it was really nice and chill to enjoy both. If you bring snorkels you can see many fishes in the area, it was awesome.
The hotel has private
and a big pool just near it, it was really nice and chill to enjoy both. If you bring snorkels you can see many fishes in the area, it was awesome.
H H Lim
The room was great and spacious, nice ocean view and slippers provided for the beach. The beach was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the beach for meals too.
The room was great and spacious, nice
view and slippers provided for the
. The
was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the
for meals too.
Discover54820482573
Fusionsuites is located near the beach, cool breeze, cute and neat hotel room, thank you Canh bellboy, and the bell team always welcomes you with delicious tea, fun, enthusiastic, careful transportation.
Fusionsuites is located near the
, cool breeze, cute and neat hotel room, thank you Canh bellboy, and the bell team always welcomes you with delicious tea, fun, enthusiastic, careful transportation.
Warwick L
Our room was located withing a few steps to the beach and pool, and was clean and well appointed. We particularly enjoyed the beach and swimming pool which was never crowded, and always kept immaculate.
Our room was located withing a few steps to the
and pool, and was clean and well appointed. We particularly enjoyed the
and swimming pool which was never crowded, and always kept immaculate.
nerney1961
The private beach of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the beach was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo.
The private
of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the
was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo.
NWMale12345
Breakfast is served near to the beach, and caters for all tastes with a varied selection. A relaxed atmosphere, with attentive staff made eating breakfast in there perfect with stunning views on the ocean and sand.
Breakfast is served near to the
, and caters for all tastes with a varied selection. A relaxed atmosphere, with attentive staff made eating breakfast in there perfect with stunning views on the
and sand.
Lance
Lifeguard on duty who was very helpful with towels etc and even came to the beach to watch out for the swimmers. There is a very nice small beach just to the left of the stairs so no need to go anywhere else.
Lifeguard on duty who was very helpful with towels etc and even came to the
to watch out for the swimmers. There is a very nice small
just to the left of the stairs so no need to go anywhere else.
Leo N
It was a great stay at this secluded place. The resort brings back many memories about this beach where I was playing and swimming a decade ago where it was nothing but white sand and turquoise water.
It was a great stay at this secluded place. The resort brings back many memories about this
where I was playing and swimming a decade ago where it was nothing but white sand and turquoise water.
Ethen K
A very lovely man who took time to meet our baby, sit down with us for breakfast and actually gave us a free upgrade to the Ocean-view room for our final 3 nights staying at the Resort.
A very lovely man who took time to meet our baby, sit down with us for breakfast and actually gave us a free upgrade to the
-view room for our final 3 nights staying at the Resort.
Sharma M
I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the beach. From the room, I could embrace the entire ocean.
I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the
. From the room, I could embrace the entire
Kim M
The pure white sandy beach is stunning and love walking the miles of it late afternoon .... rarely cross paths with anyone. Waves crashing and the best way to take in you daily exercise.
The pure white sandy
is stunning and love walking the miles of it late afternoon .... rarely cross paths with anyone. Waves crashing and the best way to take in you daily exercise.
BER_Jerry
The rooms are spacious and clean, bed is comfortable and the view from the balcony on the rooms with sea view are nice. There is a small private sandy beach area and very nice and big swimming pool.
The rooms are spacious and clean, bed is comfortable and the view from the balcony on the rooms with sea view are nice. There is a small private sandy
and very nice and big swimming pool.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
