Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Vietnam
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamVietnam HotelsVietnam Spa Resorts
THE 10 BEST Vietnam Spa Resorts
View map
Vietnam Spa Resorts
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Ho Chi Minh City Spa Resorts
Hanoi Spa Resorts
Da Lat Spa Resorts
Da Nang Spa Resorts
Nha Trang Spa Resorts
Hoi An Spa Resorts
Vung Tau Spa Resorts
Phu Quoc Island Spa Resorts
Hai Phong Spa Resorts
Hue Spa Resorts
Sapa Spa Resorts
Quy Nhon Spa Resorts
Phan Thiet Spa Resorts
Halong Bay Spa Resorts
Can Tho Spa Resorts
Ha Long Spa Resorts
Phu Huu Spa Resorts
Cat Ba Spa Resorts
Ninh Binh Spa Resorts
Duong Dong Spa Resorts
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Hostels
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Distance from
25 mi
War Remnants Museum
Vietnam Adventure Tours
Old Quarter
Hoi An Ancient Town
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Show more
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
VBA Hospitality Group
Silverland Hotels & Spas
774 of 3015 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Spa
2023
1. Havana Nha Trang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2,650 reviews
#1 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By ozy63
"Brilliant attitude, high level services at all - security, taxi services, spa - fantastic , the price offers, selection of restaurants, extra large rooms with great amenities as well."
2. Furama Resort Danang
Resort
5,326 reviews
#2 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Chuck W
"Even though the spa is temporarily located in one of the Furama Villas while a new spa is under construction, quality and service has not been compromised. Manager Vi and the masseuse I saw, Ms."
Best Seller
3. La Siesta Classic Ma May
6,010 reviews
#3 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Pentathlos
"We visited the hotel's well-regarded spa on our final day and took advantage of its generous 30% discount for bookings before midday. Our massages turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip."
4. La Siesta Hoi An Resort & Spa
6,370 reviews
#4 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Sally M
"Hong (receptionist) and Thu Thao (massage therapist) at La Spa were amazing! I loved my spa experience and will post a separate review just for that. Don’t miss out on a luxurious visit to La Spa while here."
5. The Oriental Jade Hotel
2,748 reviews
#5 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Jeff J
"We found a coupon in our room for the hotel spa and decided to try a massage, and the service was fantastic. The massage therapists greeted us with tea and offered a foot soak while we waited for our treatment rooms."
6. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
3,040 reviews
#6 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Yasmin M
"They also have a spa which is extremely well priced (especially compared to the UK)!!! Again - the staff are very welcoming and friendly and I had the best massage I’ve ever had."
Top Rated
7. La Siesta Premium Hang Be Hotel
2,504 reviews
#7 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Machigoh
"They are so many massage shops along the main street offering good deals. But we chose their La Spa and we never regret paying much higher price for it. Good massage, good service and tranquil setting."
8. Au Lac Charner Hotel
1,986 reviews
#8 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By misstk75
"I went to the spa for massage 2 times in 5 days ! I recommend the hotstones massage :) A huge thank you to the staff (from the reception, the breakfast, the spa to the security staff)."
9. Bespoke Trendy Hotel Hanoi
4,549 reviews
#9 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Erika D
"They also have a spa, where I got the best massage ever!! You get 30% off spa services if you’re a guest which is such a great deal. They also offer free manicures to guests."
10. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#10 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Inkar D
"Hardly recommend Sala Spa!!!! I really liked the procedures in this spa, and especially the special treatment of milking the whole body. Be sure to visit the spa at this hotel."
11. AIRA Boutique Hanoi Hotel & Spa
3,465 reviews
#11 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Oscar B
"The hotel has a spa and massage business below the reception. The spa offers very cheap treatments. For those looking for a spa and massage experience they should have the hotels services at the top of their list."
All Inclusive
12. Brilliant Hotel
3,276 reviews
#12 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Jefferey H
"The services here had been an incredible experience. Since the first day, they warmly welcomed us for an extraordinary and everything else, it was just perfect."
13. Silverland Jolie Hotel & Spa
2,386 reviews
#13 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Lisa S
"I got the 60' oil /salt massage. (20% off if a hotel guest...came to $23 usd) The spa is low key, also on roof top... one therapist while I was there. There are two massage tables separated by a curtain."
14. The Anam Cam Ranh
1,443 reviews
#14 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Maps04417892988
"Every staff member were so nice and polite which made my day. The staff that assisted me throughout my whole stay (Min) always checked on my room condition, made certain bookings (Spa, Minigolf, etc.)"
15. Monarque Hotel
3,029 reviews
#15 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Scott K
"We did get some spa service during the happy hour, I enjoyed the foot massag. My wife got the aroma and facial which she didn't enjoy :/ she said the facial was too rough and could of been softer."
16. Amiana Resort Nha Trang
2,507 reviews
#16 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By withellie
"And whenever we want to go somewhere in resort , they always give us a ride !!! We are so happy that we gonna visit here later"
17. La Vela Saigon Hotel
1,391 reviews
#17 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Caragh N
"The gym is huge and the spa located inside the hotel is very reasonably priced. The staff are also so friendly and accomodating."
18. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,461 reviews
#18 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Pauline C
"I totally recommend Hyatt Regency Danang Resort and Spa- great for the family and anyone wanting to relax and also enjoy a Vietnamese adventure! Oh yeah, definitely book the spa services at the Hyatt....so worth it!"
19. Vinpearl Resort Nha Trang
2,754 reviews
#19 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Suthatip W
"The best resort is Vinpearl Nha Trang. Everything is very excellent, very beautiful, comfortable, safety, cleanest, most attractive place and we get a lot of fun and happiness."
20. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Nha Trang Bay
3,475 reviews
#20 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By MS K
"It was really good time in here and services were nice, too! Facilities were really good and enjoyed lots of stuffs like pools, Vinwonders, etc."
21. Au Lac Legend Hotel
818 reviews
#21 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Wai Yan Tun
"I stayed for 3nights and it was a great relaxing experience throughout the stay. I received a free upgrade and the staffs are very nice and they even provide you the evening tea session for free."
22. Bel Marina Hoi An Resort
4,458 reviews
#22 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Amazon L
"The spa's enticing promotions led me to a truly rejuvenating experience. The staff's exceptional service, notably Ms. Nhung, the talented spa therapist, and Hang, the manager, added a personal touch to my time there."
23. Almanity Hoi An Resort & Spa
2,623 reviews
#23 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By IMBG
"My Chi Wellness Spa is my (almost daily) sanctuary - a Steam, sauna and then massage round out my day. Everyone in the spa is fabulous - I would name each of the women but wouldn’t want to accidentally miss one out."
24. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
809 reviews
#24 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By 이름 성
"First of all, it was cost-effective And the staff were kind I stayed for 3 days and breakf ast was delicious I think it's easy to stay. Staff are very friendly especially Quynh, Huyen, Linh who help a lot"
25. Regalia Gold Hotel
202 reviews
#25 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Ryan C
"I booked three nights but when I checked in I was informed the pool was closed but would open the next day and the spa with the sauna and steam room was closed due to Covid."
26. Mia Resort Nha Trang
1,919 reviews
#26 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Emily Levert
"One more thing is the Xanh Spa, me and my boyfriend we had amazing package which is promotion in May: 75mins with facial, body and eyes! Thanks to Micheal - resort manager, who took care of us superb well!"
27. Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang
1,275 reviews
#27 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Nishant S
"We were offered a 60 min complimentary couple spa and the Akoya SPA is something which should surely be experienced. A very beautiful route leads to spa Huts built over sea. Therapists were well experienced."
28. Lotte Hotel Hanoi
2,485 reviews
#28 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Dave C
"The spa session was great, and would highly recommend the treatments on offer. The Spa Receptionist, Thuy, advised on a treatment that was suitable for my needs and Dinh delivered the treatment very well."
Visit hotel website
29. Satya Danang Hotel
376 reviews
#29 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Vacation32130266901
"If u come here u keep yours everything. Very friendly and the water of facility was so nice."
30. Seaesta Hotel Nha Trang
72 reviews
#30 Best Value of 774 Vietnam Spa Resorts
By Luan H
"From the moment I walked in, I was greeted warmly by the staff who were incredibly friendly and professional."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Vietnam Hotels Information
Hotels in Vietnam
778
Hotels Prices From
$17
Hotels Reviews
622,266
Hotels Photos
658,237
Frequently Asked Questions about Vietnam hotels
What is the price for spa resorts in Vietnam?

$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
774 of 3015
ozy63
Brilliant attitude, high level services at all - security, taxi services, spa - fantastic , the price offers, selection of restaurants, extra large rooms with great amenities as well.
Brilliant attitude, high level services at all - security, taxi services,
spa
- fantastic , the price offers, selection of restaurants, extra large rooms with great amenities as well.
Chuck W
Even though the spa is temporarily located in one of the Furama Villas while a new spa is under construction, quality and service has not been compromised. Manager Vi and the masseuse I saw, Ms.
Even though the
is temporarily located in one of the Furama Villas while a new
is under construction, quality and service has not been compromised. Manager Vi and the masseuse I saw, Ms.
Pentathlos
We visited the hotel's well-regarded spa on our final day and took advantage of its generous 30% discount for bookings before midday. Our massages turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip.
We visited the hotel's well-regarded
on our final day and took advantage of its generous 30% discount for bookings before midday. Our massages turned out to be one of the highlights of our trip.
Sally M
Hong (receptionist) and Thu Thao (massage therapist) at La Spa were amazing! I loved my spa experience and will post a separate review just for that. Don’t miss out on a luxurious visit to La Spa while here.
Hong (receptionist) and Thu Thao (
massage
therapist) at La
were amazing! I loved my
experience and will post a separate review just for that. Don’t miss out on a luxurious visit to La
while here.
Jeff J
We found a coupon in our room for the hotel spa and decided to try a massage, and the service was fantastic. The massage therapists greeted us with tea and offered a foot soak while we waited for our treatment rooms.
We found a coupon in our room for the hotel
and decided to try a
, and the service was fantastic. The
therapists greeted us with tea and offered a foot soak while we waited for our treatment rooms.
Yasmin M
They also have a spa which is extremely well priced (especially compared to the UK)!!! Again - the staff are very welcoming and friendly and I had the best massage I’ve ever had.
They also have a
which is extremely well priced (especially compared to the UK)!!! Again - the staff are very welcoming and friendly and I had the best
I’ve ever had.
Machigoh
They are so many massage shops along the main street offering good deals. But we chose their La Spa and we never regret paying much higher price for it. Good massage, good service and tranquil setting.
They are so many
shops along the main street offering good deals. But we chose their La
and we never regret paying much higher price for it. Good
, good service and tranquil setting.
misstk75
I went to the spa for massage 2 times in 5 days ! I recommend the hotstones massage :) A huge thank you to the staff (from the reception, the breakfast, the spa to the security staff).
I went to the
for
2 times in 5 days ! I recommend the hotstones
:) A huge thank you to the staff (from the reception, the breakfast, the
to the security staff).
Erika D
They also have a spa, where I got the best massage ever!! You get 30% off spa services if you’re a guest which is such a great deal. They also offer free manicures to guests.
, where I got the best
ever!! You get 30% off
services if you’re a guest which is such a great deal. They also offer free manicures to guests.
Inkar D
Hardly recommend Sala Spa!!!! I really liked the procedures in this spa, and especially the special treatment of milking the whole body. Be sure to visit the spa at this hotel.
Hardly recommend Sala
!!!! I really liked the procedures in this
, and especially the special treatment of milking the whole body. Be sure to visit the
at this hotel.
Oscar B
The hotel has a spa and massage business below the reception. The spa offers very cheap treatments. For those looking for a spa and massage experience they should have the hotels services at the top of their list.
The hotel has a
and
business below the reception. The
offers very cheap treatments. For those looking for a
experience they should have the hotels services at the top of their list.
Jefferey H
Lisa S
I got the 60' oil /salt massage. (20% off if a hotel guest...came to $23 usd) The spa is low key, also on roof top... one therapist while I was there. There are two massage tables separated by a curtain.
I got the 60' oil /salt
. (20% off if a hotel guest...came to $23 usd) The
is low key, also on roof top... one therapist while I was there. There are two
tables separated by a curtain.
Maps04417892988
Every staff member were so nice and polite which made my day. The staff that assisted me throughout my whole stay (Min) always checked on my room condition, made certain bookings (Spa, Minigolf, etc.)
Every staff member were so nice and polite which made my day. The staff that assisted me throughout my whole stay (Min) always checked on my room condition, made certain bookings (
, Minigolf, etc.)
Scott K
We did get some spa service during the happy hour, I enjoyed the foot massag. My wife got the aroma and facial which she didn't enjoy :/ she said the facial was too rough and could of been softer.
We did get some
service during the happy hour, I enjoyed the foot massag. My wife got the aroma and facial which she didn't enjoy :/ she said the facial was too rough and could of been softer.
withellie
Caragh N
The gym is huge and the spa located inside the hotel is very reasonably priced. The staff are also so friendly and accomodating.
The gym is huge and the
located inside the hotel is very reasonably priced. The staff are also so friendly and accomodating.
Pauline C
I totally recommend Hyatt Regency Danang Resort and Spa- great for the family and anyone wanting to relax and also enjoy a Vietnamese adventure! Oh yeah, definitely book the spa services at the Hyatt....so worth it!
I totally recommend Hyatt Regency Danang Resort and
- great for the family and anyone wanting to relax and also enjoy a Vietnamese adventure! Oh yeah, definitely book the
services at the Hyatt....so worth it!
Suthatip W
MS K
Wai Yan Tun
Amazon L
The spa's enticing promotions led me to a truly rejuvenating experience. The staff's exceptional service, notably Ms. Nhung, the talented spa therapist, and Hang, the manager, added a personal touch to my time there.
The spa's enticing promotions led me to a truly rejuvenating experience. The staff's exceptional service, notably Ms. Nhung, the talented
therapist, and Hang, the manager, added a personal touch to my time there.
IMBG
My Chi Wellness Spa is my (almost daily) sanctuary - a Steam, sauna and then massage round out my day. Everyone in the spa is fabulous - I would name each of the women but wouldn’t want to accidentally miss one out.
My Chi
Wellness
Spa is my (almost daily) sanctuary - a Steam,
sauna
and then
round out my day. Everyone in the
is fabulous - I would name each of the women but wouldn’t want to accidentally miss one out.
이름 성
Ryan C
I booked three nights but when I checked in I was informed the pool was closed but would open the next day and the spa with the sauna and steam room was closed due to Covid.
I booked three nights but when I checked in I was informed the pool was closed but would open the next day and the
with the
steam room
was closed due to Covid.
Emily Levert
One more thing is the Xanh Spa, me and my boyfriend we had amazing package which is promotion in May: 75mins with facial, body and eyes! Thanks to Micheal - resort manager, who took care of us superb well!
One more thing is the Xanh
, me and my boyfriend we had amazing package which is promotion in May: 75mins with facial, body and eyes! Thanks to Micheal - resort manager, who took care of us superb well!
Nishant S
We were offered a 60 min complimentary couple spa and the Akoya SPA is something which should surely be experienced. A very beautiful route leads to spa Huts built over sea. Therapists were well experienced.
We were offered a 60 min complimentary couple
and the Akoya
SPA
is something which should surely be experienced. A very beautiful route leads to
Huts built over sea. Therapists were well experienced.
Dave C
The spa session was great, and would highly recommend the treatments on offer. The Spa Receptionist, Thuy, advised on a treatment that was suitable for my needs and Dinh delivered the treatment very well.
The
session was great, and would highly recommend the treatments on offer. The
Receptionist, Thuy, advised on a treatment that was suitable for my needs and Dinh delivered the treatment very well.
Vacation32130266901
Luan H
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
