Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang Hotels
G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
807 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#24 of 563 hotels in Da Nang
59 Le Duan Hai Chau 1, Hai Chau District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos(429)
Traveler
(337)
Dining
(49)
Room & Suite
(45)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Fully refundable before Thu, Mar 7
Breakfast included
Get rewarded with One Key
Only 3 left at
$32
View deal
Fully refundable before Wed, Mar 6
$35
$37
$28
View all 10 deals from $28
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.8
Cleanliness
4.7
Service
Value
4.9
G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang is located at the best of Da Nang central city , where catching of Ocean, River and city life , a few steps up to the symbol of Da Nang city- Han Bridge , easy reaching to Han market, Con market where’s contenting Da Nang stories Explore Da Nang city and street food right around the hotel by foot which thousand of joins , Popular points of interest near the hotel include Cham Museum, Da Nang museum , Pink Church and Boat cruise …. Only 10 minutes to Da Nang International airport, 5 minutes to Da Nang beach are one of the best points of the venue G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang provides 120 luxury room full of window which full of senses views . Luxury facilities of TV 43 inches , kettle, standing shower, wireless , welcome fruit , tea and coffee…. Hotel’s large ballroom and meeting can be catch your needs Bamboo Spa and Rice Restaurant are both quality and give you a best serves and test of luxury experiences The outstanding bar at Lobby on 6 floor is the focus venue for chatting The out door swimming pool on the Top where catching sunrise moment down to Monkey Mountain . Little business center at lobby for the urgent needs of working guests . G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang… more than your needs …
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Yoga room
Free breakfast
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Highchairs available
Show more
Room features
Allergy-free room
Blackout curtains
Air conditioning
Desk
Minibar
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Bidet
Room types
Mountain view
City view
Landmark view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
HOTEL STYLE
Business
City View
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Russian, Chinese, Japanese and 2 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Good for walkers
Grade: 88 out of 100
88
Da Nang Airport
2.2 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
41 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
73 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Le Bambino
440
5 min
$$$$
French
Mi Quang 1A
151
4 min
$
Vietnamese
SUSHI-Be
97
6 min
Japanese
BonPas Bakery & Coffee
70
2 min
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Con Market
321
Flea & Street Markets
Tahoe Tailors
34
Speciality & Gift Shops
Da Nang Fine Arts Museum
42
Art Museums
Bao Tang Da Nang
28
History Museums
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang garners acclaim for its prime location, nestled conveniently close to local attractions and dining options. Guests have called out the hotel for its cleanliness and the stylish, well-maintained ambiance, especially enjoying the rooftop pool. The staff receives kudos for their friendliness and the hotel's amenities are popular for adding comfort to the stay.

While most guests appreciate the spacious rooms and stunning views, some have noted issues with the air conditioning. The hotel is also celebrated for providing great value.
Central
Atmosphere
Stylish
Rooms
Spacious
Spotless
Friendly
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
807
3
Q+A
11
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 766
Very Good 30
Average 9
Poor 1
Terrible 1
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Friends
Language
All languages(807)
Korean(416)
English(244)
Vietnamese(90)
More
Popular mentions
All reviews
kind staff
the dragon
da nang city
ocean view
reception
floor
bridge
bana
Sort by:
Most Recent
Terri N wrote a review Feb 2024
2 contributions
I was asked to leave a review at checkout
The service is good. Room is clean. They do ask for you to leave a review at check-out and seem persistent. Other than that, everything is fine. The hotel is in good location. The hospital is nearby. Many local food and bars nearby. Da Nang is a safe city to travel.
Date of stay: February 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
0
Response from Hoai Phan, Tổng giám đốc at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
Responded 3 days ago
Dear Sir/Madame, Thank you so much for taking the time to leave us a wonderful review for our hotel. We truly appreciate your kind words and are thrilled to hear that you had a great experience with us. Your positive feedback serves as a great motivation for our team, who work tirelessly to ensure every guest has a comfortable and pleasant stay. We will definitely share your comments with them, as it will encourage them to continue delivering outstanding service. Once again, thank you for choosing us. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future and providing another fantastic experience. Hoai Phan (Ms.) D. General Director
Report response as inappropriate
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Relax27385282972 wrote a review Feb 2024
1 contribution
Very good
Excellent hotel, clean rooms, good housekeeping, polite staff. . Awesome breakfast. The staff on reception very nice especially Nancy,Ruby who so kind and friendly, helpful. I will come back again in the future G8 Luxury hotel . Thank you so much
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Quoc Le wrote a review Feb 2024
3 contributions
Great stay
My stay was great and staff were extremely friendly. Overall, the hotel was clean and well maintained. The included free breakfast was nice and offer different dishes daily. The hotel was in walking distance to all the good food and attractions. Highly recommended.
Excursion632345 wrote a review Feb 2024
Comfortable yet modern
From first step in to last step out, the service and hospitality was superb. The bell hop service guy downstairs was super helpful as well as the receptionist on the 6th floor. The breakfast buffet was exceptionally delicious with all types of food. We booked a two bedroom corner suite and the views were to die for. Comfortable yet modern. Definitely going to come back and stay at this hotel.
Adventure26534265296 wrote a review Feb 2024
Malaysia1 contribution
Warm welcome from hotel
It was a really warm welcomed from the hotel. I have a handwriting card by Manager Linh or Phan… it was wonderful, and it’s not many hotel do like that even 5 star hotel. I was happy, my family too. Room is clean, feel good with room and view. Staff is friendly and alway smile
Date of stay: January 2024
Odyssey00707723755 wrote a review Feb 2024
Great
I think location is good, in city center so it is really convenient to see and go around.
the room is clean, nice view, my room is high floor as upgraded by Ms Linh Phan, she is so kind, friendly, she treated us like friend, like a family, open conversation with her. all staff is nice, ruby, nancy is cute
Responded 1 week ago
Trek04639387495 wrote a review Feb 2024
호텔좋아
아주 청결하고 조식도 좋았어요
다음에 또 오게되면 이 호텔을 이용할거에요
Generally is good. we have a nice memory at G8 Luxury Hotel. I think I come back hotel with my family and my friends in the future. Staffs so nice and kind especailly Quynh , Hana. Thank you so much everyone. see you soon
David H wrote a review Feb 2024
Loved it
Excellent service going the extra mile to accomodate all of our requests and more. Room was clean and roomy. Shower was big and enjoyable. Location was not bad, walkable to main area, and a 10 min grab to beach. Definitely recommend this hotel for a comfortable stay in Da Nang.
Paradise51957207798 wrote a review Feb 2024
The room condition was very good! Also, the breakfast was very deliciousand affordable! My room was very high, so it had a overall view of Danang. The view was good, too. My parents were also satisfied! Recommeded to guests with families!☺️
Hyun S wrote a review Feb 2024
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam1 contribution
Excellent hotel
The best hotel in the city center. Reception was wonderful and upgraded my room to city view and i feel so welcomed. Manager was friendly and nice to talk. Smiling and nice. The inconvenience was to go up to 6th floor to see reception but staff was professional
Dear Sir/Madame, I am writing to express our sincere gratitude for the wonderful review you recently posted on TripAdvisor about your stay at our hotel. We greatly appreciate the time and effort you took to share your positive experience with other travelers. Your kind words not only motivate our team but also help potential guests make informed decisions when choosing accommodations. At G8 Luxury Hotel & Spa, we strive to provide exceptional service and create memorable experiences for all our guests. Your feedback reassures us that we are meeting these goals, and it serves as a testament to the hard work of our dedicated staff members. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your stay with us, and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Should there be anything else we can assist you with or any special requests for your next visit, please do not hesitate to reach out. Warm regards, Hoai Phan (Ms.) D. General Director
1
2
4
5
6
…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$26 - $37 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
120
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
G8 LUXURY HOTEL AND SPA DA NANG $26 ($̶5̶0̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Reviews - Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
Which popular attractions are close to G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Nearby attractions include Con Market (0.3 miles), Tahoe Tailors (0.2 miles), and Da Nang Fine Arts Museum (0.05 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Top room amenities include a minibar, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Yes, free parking, a parking garage, and paid private parking nearby are available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Conveniently located restaurants include Le Bambino, Mi Quang 1A, and SUSHI-Be.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a sauna, and a yoga room during their stay.
Does G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang have airport transportation?
Yes, G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Does G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang offer any business services?
Yes, it conveniently offers a business center, meeting rooms, and a banquet room.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English, Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean.
Are there any historical sites close to G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang?
Many travelers enjoy visiting Lee Easyraiders (9.9 miles).
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
View all photos
(429)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 2 more
2.2
mi
41
min
766
30
9
All languages
(807)
Korean
(416)
English
(244)
(90)
Terri N
Date of stay:
transparency report
Relax27385282972
Quoc Le
Excursion632345
Adventure26534265296
Malaysia
Odyssey00707723755
Trek04639387495
David H
Paradise51957207798
Hyun S
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
