Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Beach Hotels
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Beach Hotels
View map
Da Nang Beach Hotels
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
492 of 2600 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Beachfront
Best Seller
1. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,042 reviews
#1 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Neil R
"In the perfect area of the beach lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections. Beach across the street, would come back again"
2. Furama Resort Danang
Resort
5,327 reviews
#2 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Teo11111
"Furama Beach Resort has one of the best beaches in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away."
Top Rated
3. Monarque Hotel
3,032 reviews
#3 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Wayne C
"The beach is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful beach area this is it."
4. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#4 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By jkung2
"Nice room, with a great view of the beach (we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe beach. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to beach in afternoon around 4pm its perfect."
2023
5. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,819 reviews
#5 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Boseok lee
"This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the beach, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure."
Visit hotel website
6. Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,006 reviews
#6 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Chongming
"Grab car from the airport to this beach front hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the beach and near convenient stores. Our room with Ocean view is marvelous."
7. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
902 reviews
#7 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Laura H
"The beach is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The beach itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists."
8. DLG Hotel Danang
639 reviews
#8 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By TravellerSDS
"We had a wonderful panoramic view of the Danang coastline from our room. Every morning, after drawing the curtains, we were greeted with the beautiful golden beach and azure sea."
9. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
943 reviews
#9 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Mr. Olive
"What makes this beach so pristine is that there are no rivers dumping in the area like Danang beach where the water is murky. You walk out on this beach and it is miles of clean natural white sand beach."
10. Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,444 reviews
#10 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Jose M
"Belle Maison is a wonderful hotel in front of a spectacular beach and with lots to do nearby. Everything at the hotel was perfect… our room was very spacious and comfortable and had an amazing view of the beach."
11. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,464 reviews
#11 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Merve S.
"But the real hero of our trip was one of your beach attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming."
12. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,080 reviews
#12 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By suwanatatnina2
"The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with ocean view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. ."
13. Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,810 reviews
#13 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By H H Lim
"The room was great and spacious, nice ocean view and slippers provided for the beach. The beach was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the beach for meals too."
14. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,231 reviews
#14 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Kaehto
"The beach setting is also great with ample (and well functioning) deckchairs. There are also attentive lifeguards, who actually take their role seriously (👍👍👍) snd give an added level of security."
15. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#15 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By nerney1961
"The private beach of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the beach was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo."
16. Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
774 reviews
#16 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Venture05310015405
"The beach is just right opposite the hotel, so you can just go for a swim, and just cross road to come back and wash up. It was a nice and relaxing stay here with my friends!"
17. Paris Deli Hotel
2,344 reviews
#17 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Denise
"I really do recommend to stay the room with the sea view is beautiful, easy to see the beach and beach of the sunrise as well. The place is near the beach easily to walk to."
18. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,829 reviews
#18 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Boniface
"You have a private beach area as the property is right next to the beach. Sunset above, sand below, peace within. To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude."
19. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
#19 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Companion816539
"Entire our family love this place~ not only beautiful resort but also lovely and beautiful beach. It was so good that we could easily walk down to the lovely beautiful beach."
20. Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,165 reviews
#20 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Cao Van A
"Its was our great experience at this lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location that close to the beach. I got the room with ocean view, which is just spectacular."
21. Sofiana My Khe Hotel & Spa
574 reviews
#21 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Gregory P
"Thé hôtel is very good situated in My KHE beach . The room was very clean and the king size bed gorgeous . The people are very kind, they organised for me a surprise for my birthday."
All Inclusive
22. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,641 reviews
#22 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Sharma M
"I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the beach. From the room, I could embrace the entire ocean."
23. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,530 reviews
#23 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By jimmyluu
"In addition, the waiters in the beach area are also very professional. I can see that the temperature in the sea is very hot, but they always smile and walk quickly towards me."
24. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#24 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Anne L
"We took advantage of the paddle board use at the beach which was included which is a nice touch. We didn’t use the destination dining, but saw a couple having dinner on the beach, which looked very special."
25. Altara Suites
601 reviews
#25 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Denis B
"The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the beach with water views from most rooms."
26. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
#26 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By DMjourney
"On the positive side, Trang assisted us during the booking process, ensuring our peace of mind by accommodating our requests for a baby cot and a quiet room with a pleasant ocean view."
27. Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
236 reviews
#27 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By ruby g
"Located very close to the beach which have nice sitting areas. We came in winter and the pool area at the hotel, and the beach seemed to lack a sense of life and fun which was a shame (this could be circumstantial)"
28. Four Points by Sheraton Danang
712 reviews
#28 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Mike A
"Firstly, we chose this hotel because it was a 5 star on the beach, and it is. Unfortunately there was a typhoon recently and the beach is really dirty so I suppose that will get cleaned up eventually."
29. Olalani Resort & Condotel
88 reviews
#29 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Liz G
"The ocean was absolutely beautiful and definitely the redeeming factor in this hotel."
30. Chu Hotel Danang
Small Hotel
212 reviews
#30 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By John T
"The Chu hotel is a very well run hotel..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Da Nang Hotels Information
Hotels in Da Nang
492
Hotels Prices From
$10
Hotels Reviews
82,945
Hotels Photos
99,781
Frequently Asked Questions about Da Nang hotels
What are the best beach hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any beach hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which beach hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best beach hotels in Da Nang?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which beach hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
492 of 2600
Neil R
In the perfect area of the beach lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections. Beach across the street, would come back again
In the perfect area of the
beach
lots of restaurants nearby.. no issues, very nice breakfast wirh lots of choices, fast wfi connections.
Beach
across the street, would come back again
Teo11111
Furama Beach Resort has one of the best beaches in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away.
Furama
Resort has one of the best
beaches
in Danang, if not the world. Soft fine white sand (no coral bits that hurt your feet!) and chest deep waters that go out to 100m away.
Wayne C
The beach is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful beach area this is it.
The
is 50 meters away from the hotel entrance. The area is quiet, so if you are looking for bars you’ll need to walk or grab for a couple km, but if you want a peaceful
beach area
this is it.
jkung2
Nice room, with a great view of the beach (we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe beach. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to beach in afternoon around 4pm its perfect.
Nice room, with a great view of the
(we got a partial sea view room). Easy to walk to the my khe
. Morning sun is crazy hot but if you go to
in afternoon around 4pm its perfect.
Boseok lee
This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the beach, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure.
This hotel is great~ Classy but not too pricey, along the
, centralized and close to most of the sights, rooms were big, bathroom spacious with excellent water presuure.
Chongming
Grab car from the airport to this beach front hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the beach and near convenient stores. Our room with Ocean view is marvelous.
Grab car from the airport to this
beach front
hotel is VND96000 only. The location is very good, walk to the
and near convenient stores. Our room with
Ocean
view is marvelous.
Laura H
The beach is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The beach itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists.
is directly opposite across a stretch of the road that is far less busy and wide than further down. The
itself is beautiful, quiet with fishing boats rather than hundreds of tourists.
TravellerSDS
We had a wonderful panoramic view of the Danang coastline from our room. Every morning, after drawing the curtains, we were greeted with the beautiful golden beach and azure sea.
We had a wonderful panoramic view of the Danang
coastline
from our room. Every morning, after drawing the curtains, we were greeted with the beautiful golden
and azure sea.
Mr. Olive
What makes this beach so pristine is that there are no rivers dumping in the area like Danang beach where the water is murky. You walk out on this beach and it is miles of clean natural white sand beach.
What makes this
so pristine is that there are no rivers dumping in the area like Danang
where the water is murky. You walk out on this
and it is miles of clean natural white sand
.
Jose M
Belle Maison is a wonderful hotel in front of a spectacular beach and with lots to do nearby. Everything at the hotel was perfect… our room was very spacious and comfortable and had an amazing view of the beach.
Belle Maison is a wonderful hotel in front of a spectacular
and with lots to do nearby. Everything at the hotel was perfect… our room was very spacious and comfortable and had an amazing view of the
Merve S.
But the real hero of our trip was one of your beach attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming.
But the real hero of our trip was one of your
attendants, LE THANH NGHIA. We had a bit of a scare when we got caught in a sudden riptide with massive waves while swimming.
suwanatatnina2
The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with ocean view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. .
The room is big, modern and nicely decorated with 2 balconies for oceanfront corner room. The second bedroom is nice and big with side balcony with
ocean
view and Godess of Mercy with a nice long chair. .
H H Lim
The room was great and spacious, nice ocean view and slippers provided for the beach. The beach was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the beach for meals too.
The room was great and spacious, nice
view and slippers provided for the
. The
was a short walk across the road, very near to hotel. Some restaurants near the
for meals too.
Kaehto
The beach setting is also great with ample (and well functioning) deckchairs. There are also attentive lifeguards, who actually take their role seriously (👍👍👍) snd give an added level of security.
setting is also great with ample (and well functioning) deckchairs. There are also attentive lifeguards, who actually take their role seriously (👍👍👍) snd give an added level of security.
nerney1961
The private beach of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the beach was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo.
The private
of the resort is spotless, the water was pristine and the water temperature was perfect. Each morning the
was cleaned and it was raked by water buffalo.
Venture05310015405
The beach is just right opposite the hotel, so you can just go for a swim, and just cross road to come back and wash up. It was a nice and relaxing stay here with my friends!
is just right opposite the hotel, so you can just go for a swim, and just cross road to come back and wash up. It was a nice and relaxing stay here with my friends!
Denise
I really do recommend to stay the room with the sea view is beautiful, easy to see the beach and beach of the sunrise as well. The place is near the beach easily to walk to.
I really do recommend to stay the room with the sea view is beautiful, easy to see the
and
of the sunrise as well. The place is near the
easily to walk to.
Boniface
You have a private beach area as the property is right next to the beach. Sunset above, sand below, peace within. To go out with the setting sun on an empty beach is to truly embrace your solitude.
You have a private
as the property is right next to the
. Sunset above, sand below, peace within. To go out with the setting sun on an empty
is to truly embrace your solitude.
Companion816539
Entire our family love this place~ not only beautiful resort but also lovely and beautiful beach. It was so good that we could easily walk down to the lovely beautiful beach.
Entire our family love this place~ not only beautiful resort but also lovely and beautiful
. It was so good that we could easily walk down to the lovely beautiful
Cao Van A
Its was our great experience at this lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location that close to the beach. I got the room with ocean view, which is just spectacular.
Its was our great experience at this lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location that close to the
. I got the room with
view, which is just spectacular.
Gregory P
Thé hôtel is very good situated in My KHE beach . The room was very clean and the king size bed gorgeous . The people are very kind, they organised for me a surprise for my birthday.
Thé hôtel is very good situated in My KHE
. The room was very clean and the king size bed gorgeous . The people are very kind, they organised for me a surprise for my birthday.
Sharma M
I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the beach. From the room, I could embrace the entire ocean.
I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the
. From the room, I could embrace the entire
jimmyluu
In addition, the waiters in the beach area are also very professional. I can see that the temperature in the sea is very hot, but they always smile and walk quickly towards me.
In addition, the waiters in the
are also very professional. I can see that the temperature in the sea is very hot, but they always smile and walk quickly towards me.
Anne L
We took advantage of the paddle board use at the beach which was included which is a nice touch. We didn’t use the destination dining, but saw a couple having dinner on the beach, which looked very special.
We took advantage of the paddle board use at the
which was included which is a nice touch. We didn’t use the destination dining, but saw a couple having dinner on the
, which looked very special.
Denis B
The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the beach with water views from most rooms.
The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the
with water views from most rooms.
DMjourney
On the positive side, Trang assisted us during the booking process, ensuring our peace of mind by accommodating our requests for a baby cot and a quiet room with a pleasant ocean view.
On the positive side, Trang assisted us during the booking process, ensuring our peace of mind by accommodating our requests for a baby cot and a quiet room with a pleasant
view.
ruby g
Located very close to the beach which have nice sitting areas. We came in winter and the pool area at the hotel, and the beach seemed to lack a sense of life and fun which was a shame (this could be circumstantial)
Located very close to the
which have nice sitting areas. We came in winter and the pool area at the hotel, and the
seemed to lack a sense of life and fun which was a shame (this could be circumstantial)
Mike A
Firstly, we chose this hotel because it was a 5 star on the beach, and it is. Unfortunately there was a typhoon recently and the beach is really dirty so I suppose that will get cleaned up eventually.
Firstly, we chose this hotel because it was a 5 star on the
, and it is. Unfortunately there was a typhoon recently and the
is really dirty so I suppose that will get cleaned up eventually.
Liz G
The ocean was absolutely beautiful and definitely the redeeming factor in this hotel.
was absolutely beautiful and definitely the redeeming factor in this hotel.
John T
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
