Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Yoga Hotels
THE 10 BEST Yoga Hotels in Da Nang
Da Nang Yoga Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Yoga Classes
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Yoga Classes
2023
DLG Hotel Danang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
642 reviews
In Da Nang
#19 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL. I..."
San Marino Boutique Danang
734 reviews
#21 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel atmosphere and the room are really nice. The staff is very welcoming and friendly. They help us with the luggage and coordinate with the driver especially Kha and Phuoc. The room is very tidy and clean..."
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Great place with great views from the room and rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with..."
Chicland Hotel
580 reviews
#35 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We loved the view from our room (deluxe double with balcony). Staff and service were terrific. We had an issue with our bedding and it was taken care of right away. We also had an issue with a Grab driver and hotel..."
Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#89 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very nice hotel and good services. The receptionist always say hello to us, they even keep our lugguage, Lily is so kind snd friendly. Thank you Balcona team ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ they request 200 characters..."
"So quite and comfortble. I recommend to stay here. Bes and pillow is 2type . It is good adjuest to my heck hight. But. Showe head is not good water is little spletter. But it is not big issue. And some guy is..."
Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,455 reviews
#5 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very good! The staff was good. The breakfast was very delicious. We will come back if we have time. Our group had wonderful experience at belle maison. The weather recently has been nice. The staff always help us..."
Golden Lotus Luxury Hotel Da Nang
286 reviews
#26 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The stay was extremely pleasant. The hotel personnel were extremely helpful and lovely. I really appreciate Bobby, who was always available to help with his service.I particularly like the afternoon tea they..."
Hadana Boutique Hotel
1,945 reviews
#41 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The service was good. Deserves a 5 star, clean room and hospitable hosts. The breakfast buffet is superb with a very nice skyscraper view of the city. The staff are accomodating. The hotel is near to other..."
Royal Lotus Hotel Danang
3,094 reviews
#53 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I was very lucky to arrive on Tet for the first time to experience receiving lucky money, from the hotel to the beach about 10 minutes walk, friendly staff, good breakfast, also very close to the city center and..."
Chi House Danang Hotel & Apartment
184 reviews
#31 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly..."
"Here is a waitress called Han, she served us super well, I can totally feel the passion and enthusiasm from her. I’m gonna rate her 10 points out of 10. No cap. If the general manager saw this review, pls give this..."
Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
#39 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's..."
Le Hoang Beach Hotel
766 reviews
#47 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had the opportunity to visit Da Nang and try the experience at Le Hoang Hotel and found that this hotel has a quite luxurious and clean model, it gives me a vacation with more beautiful and interesting..."
"I extended my stay from 3 days to 7 days because I was being well taken care of by the staff. The room was spacious and the breakfast was plentyful. The swimming pool is a little small other than that everything was..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
3.2 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 4 hotels in Nai Hien Dong
"This Hotel is good for every all offacillity especially The swimming fool is fNntastic. Behavior of these staff here are friendly. Breakfast in here is good and dilicious. I will go there next time in my vacation. I..."
Visit hotel website
G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
814 reviews
#23 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese and..."
Grand Cititel Danang Hotel
133 reviews
#69 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Honesty is a noble virtue it is the secret of success in every sphere of life, KUDOS to Grand Cititel Đà Nẵng Hotel for your well trained housekeeping department's employee, Ms Loan . Here's the story! I received..."
Grandvrio City Danang by Route Inn Group
975 reviews
#49 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Nice luxurious room, clean and hot water is working well. Rooms were very clean and had the usual amenities. Also has souvenir shop with local products. Staff was very polite and helpful. Breakfast starts at 6:30..."
Hilton Da Nang
1,436 reviews
#57 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this..."
Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 71 hotels in My An
"This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean..."
Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
724 reviews
#59 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel was just awesome We enjoyed alot Hotel has nice ocean View and a great pool Dining is good and food is good If you are Vegan then you can also enjoy the meal they have variety of options Huong Hannah..."
Altara Suites
601 reviews
#65 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to..."
Canvas Danang Beach Hotel
#52 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Nice hotel located in the city centre, near several famous seafood restaurants, Spas and walking distance to My Khe Beach. Breakfast is simple yet beyond expectation. Room is clean, spacious and have stunning beach..."
Santa Luxury Hotel
383 reviews
#42 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Great stay at the hotel. All the staff were helpful especially Jamie and apple. The view from our room was amazing. We like this place because the location is very good, convenient and close to the beach.near..."
Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
#37 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a..."
"Right after I arrived at Da Nang airport, the hotel staff were waiting for me with a big smile, fresh wet towels, and chilled water. While we were heading to the hotel, the guest service staff explained the city’s..."
Khách Sạn Mường Thanh Luxury Sông Hàn
193 reviews
#44 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Loved our stay at this hotel. Excellent service, accommodation and the staff (especially Nhi) was so very helpful. So lovely. Would definitely stay there again. Central to everything . Great walking across the..."
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
#55 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau..."
Grand Gold Hotel
345 reviews
3.7 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Tho Quang
"It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn..."
Minh Boutique
270 reviews
#71 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours..."
Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
#3 of 71 hotels in My An
"Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have..."
Sofia Suite Hotel & Spa Danang
949 reviews
#62 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed here for 6 nights. Pretty much bang for the buck. You get a wonderful and clean room at a close walkable distance to the beach. The room was cleaned daily. Location is excellent with so many eateries and..."
Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#34 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the..."
Yoga Hotels nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Yoga Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Canggu
Home to ultra-cool vegan cafés, beach bars, and boutiques, Canggu is a hipster’s paradise. The black sand of Echo Beach contrasts starkly with turquoise Indian Ocean waters, which are invariably peppered with surfers enjoying some of Bali’s best waves.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Samut Prakan Province
Chiang Mai Province
Mindoro
Krabi Province
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about yoga hotels
What are the best yoga hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any yoga hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which yoga hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best yoga hotels in Da Nang?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
