Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangTours in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Tours & Excursions
Da Nang Tours
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Concerts & Shows
Food & Drink
Show more
Product Categories
Bus Tours
Cultural Tours
Walking Tours
Sightseeing Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
Korean
Spanish
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
See All Tour Operators
1,000+ places sorted by featured
1. Hoi An/ Da Nang - Ba Na Hills - Golden Bridge Deluxe Small group
756
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
- Pay your experience with longest cable car in Asia  - Golden Bridge on Huge Hand of Budda - Legend view from mountain…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 94% of travelers
from
$91
per adult
Reserve
2. Hue city tour 1 day from Da Nang / Hoi An
29
Historical Tours
9–10 hours
Hue is one of the most popular destinations for visitors to Vietnam. Straddling the Perfume River, this mysterious, somber…
$69
Cold feet? Book risk-free with free cancellations on most bookings.
3. Marble Mountains - Hoi An Ancient Town Sunset Daily Ingroup Tour
268
6 hours
Join our dedicated & enthusiasm local expert to explore a perfect blend of natural beauty, cultural heritage & culinary …
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$39
4. Golden Bridge & Ba Na Hills 1 Day including buffets lunch & 2 ways Cable Car
279
Experience Vietnam’s Ba Na Hills theme park on this guided excursion. After a convenient hotel pickup, catch picturesque…
Recommended by 91% of travelers
$87
5. Guided Tour to Marble Mountains & Hoi An Walking Tour , Night Market, Boat Ride
94
6–7 hours
TOUR PROGRAM : 14:00p.m :Our guide pick you up from your Hotel in Da Nang or Hoi An City, Then Transfer to Marble Mountain…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$89
6. Hue to Hoi An or Hoi An to Hue by car via Hai Van pass, monkey mountain, beaches
572
Spend less time navigating and more time enjoying the world-famous scenery of the Hai Van Pass with a private transfer service…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$55
7. HUE CITY 1 DAY GUIDED TOURS from DA NANG CITY
40
7–9 hours
Uncover the secret history and rich culture of Hue on this small-group guided tour. This full-day trip includes guided visits…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
$60
8. Private Ba Na Hills & Golden Hands Bridge and Marble Mountains
44
8–10 hours
The Bana mountainous Hills , which stands at the altitude of 1,487m above sea-level, has an average annual temperature that…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$125
9. Morning Small group to Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain
323
Adventure Tours
5 hours
Exploring exotic scenes of Nature and Human Marble Moutain is well-known as the most beautiful site not only among Vietnamese…
$33
10. Full-Day Tour to Discover Hue's Imperial Heritage
4WD Tours
10–11 hours
Hue Imperial City, an ancient city located in the middle of the Central region, was once the capital of the Vietnamese empire…
$56
11. DA NANG Marble Mountain and Monkey Mountain PRIVATE TOUR
97
270–330 minutes
An exciting private tour in DA NANG with beautiful nature, rich history & culture. From hotel in Da Nang or Hoi An, drive…
12. Full Day Golden Bridge and Ba Na Hills Small Group Tour
612
Our local experts will definitely take you to immersive experience exploring iconic Vietnam destinations. You're treated…
$85
13. Da Nang: Ba Na Hills and Golden Bridge Tour
42
The Golden Bridge is located inside Sun World at Ba Na Hills, which we visited from your hotel in Da Nang, about an hour…
$68
2023
14. Hue to Hoi An ( Hoi An to Hue) Top Gear with Lefamily Riders Tours ( 1 way)
2,039
A lot of things to experience. You have tried to discover Vietnam by motorbike yet? It’s the easiest way for you to be exposed…
$75
15. 6 Hours Cooking Activity Pick up Da Nang
Not only will you get to enjoy Hoi An's local cuisine like a real foodie, but you can learn to cook like a local with traditional…
$45
16. Hue Imperial City Daily Ingroup Tour via Hai Van Pass
69
Join this guided trip with our local experts to explore a perfect blend of natural beauty, cultural heritage, and culinary…
17. Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain Sunset tour
302
Come with us for the resonable price trip with small group 3 destinations as below: - Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - …
$26
18. Chan May port / Tien Sa port tour Da Nang & Hoi An Highlights
14
From Chan May port Hue, or Tien Sa port Da Nang: A smooth excursion from port pickup to drop off, completely hassle-free…
$119
19. Private Full-Day Tour of Hue from Da Nang or Hoi An City
21
Spend the day taking in the scenic countryside of Vietnam and exploring Hue on this One Day Tour from Danang. Travel the…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$139
20. Explore Hoi An and Da Nang by private tour with local guide
24
Imagine being able to explore both central Vietnamese cities in just 10 hours, isn't that amazing? Together with a funny…
$80
One you. Multiple experiences. Exceptional benefits.
Dreaming of your next beach getaway? Raring to go on an action-packed urban adventure? Get ready to experience the best of what Asia has to offer in Thailand, South Korea, Vietnam, and Singapore while earning points and enjoying exclusive benefits.
Read now
21. Ba Na Hill and Golden Bridge Full Day from Da Nang
34
Spend the day at one of Asia’s most impressive theme parks—without having to worry about advance planning—on a day trip …
22. Hoi An Night Market with Hoi an walking Tour , Colourful Lanterns, Boat Ride
28
TOUR PROGRAM : Our Tourguide Pick you up at your hotel in Da Nang or Hoi an city at 15:00 p.m (There is no motorbikes in…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
23. Golden Bridge-Monkey mountain-Dragon Bridge -Marble Mountain Fullday PrivateTour
63
Cable Car Tours
TOUR PROGRAM: 7:30A.M:Our Tour guide will pick you up at your hotel in Hoi An or Da Nang city, and drive to Ba Na Hills. …
$175
24. Golden Bridge And Ba Na Hills Full Day Trip From Hoi An Or Da Nang
99
7–8 hours
From 7:30 am to 8:30am (depend on your hotel location), our tour guide and driver will pick you up at hotel lobby. Escape…
$28
25. Easy Rider private tour via Hai Van pass from Hue - Da Nang - Hoi An (1Way|Loop)
604
We are Vietnamese easy-riders with years of experience riding motorbikes through our country. Riding a motorbike is an…
26. Hue Imperial City Private Tour with Local Experts
84
Join our local experts to explore a perfect blend of natural beauty, cultural heritage & culinary delights of Hue: - Drive…
$129
27. My Son and Marble Mountains from HOI AN OR DA NANG
33
The full-day tour in My Son and Marble Mountains lets you discover with the old Cham towers and shrines built over 1400 …
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$78
SPECIAL OFFER
28. Marble Mountains - Hoi An Ancient Town Afternoon Tours FROM DANANG(15H30-21H)
87
Marble Mountains - Exploring exotic scenes of Nature and Human Marble Moutain is well-known as the most beautiful site not…
$39$37
29. Da Nang Local Food Tour
149
4 hours
FREE pick up and drop back at hotel in Thanh Khe, Hai Chau, Son Tra district. - Private tour - Transportation: Scooter…
$41
30. Jolie Da Nang Cooking Class: Market-Coffee-Cooking (JDN2)
150
4–5 hours
9.00: Meet up at the No 10 Tran Quoc Toan, head to one of the biggest markets in Da nang where you learn about the Vietnamese…
$45$38
1
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 1,841
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Khemchinerawe W
1 contribution
0
Ba Na Hills - first time
This was an amazing trip! I highly recommend you. It was fun and also informative. I would like to give all credits to Mr.Binh, our guide. He is very helpful, kind and funny. This tour will never let you down.
Review of: Hoi An/ Da Nang - Ba Na Hills - Golden Bridge Deluxe Small group
Written March 7, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Patricia W
Chicago, IL6 contributions
Great visit to Hue
Spent a day exploring the imperial city and sites in Hue. Our guide was detailed and informative. She took us to a great home restaurant ( Sake restaurant- Lane 119, Le Ngo Cat Str, Hue, +84375037575).
Review of: Hue city tour 1 day from Da Nang / Hoi An
Written February 21, 2024
Ang
2 contributions
Great day at Marble mountains and Hoi An
I had a great time with our tour to Marble mountains and Hoi An. It was very beautiful and interesting. Our tour guide Thong is marvellous. He is very professional, kind and friendly. He is very informative and explained Every thing clearly with good sense of humour. The trip with small group of like
Minded people made the day fun and enjoyable. I really recommend this tour and especially our guide Mr. Thong.
Read more
Review of: Marble Mountains - Hoi An Ancient Town Daily Ingroup Tour
Begimai
United Arab Emirates11 contributions
Unforgivable experience
Wow wow and wow, this place is #mustvisitplace ever if you have chance please don’t.m be hesitant and go for it because the emotions are there just wondering and you will experience so much more than you see in the picture and despite the ticket is expensive the country it self so cheap and it is affordable
Review of: Golden Bridge & Ba Na Hills 1 Day including buffets lunch & 2 ways Cable Car
Written March 9, 2024
bspiritus
Plano, TX4 contributions
Great Tour!!!
An amazing tour. Marble Mountain was very interesting and Hoi A was a beautiful city. Chang did a great job as our tour guide and was able to explain everything.
Review of: Guided Tour to Marble Mountains & Hoi An Walking Tour , Night Market, Boat Ride
Written March 3, 2024
Destiny L
Beautiful and fun drive from Hue to Hoi An
Our driver Ron was a fun driver who gave us lots of information about the local tourism, Vietnam society, history, politics. It was a fun drive to Hoi An!
Review of: Hue to Hoi An or Hoi An to Hue by car via Hai Van pass, monkey mountain, beaches
Written March 6, 2024
Jessica
Canada9 contributions
Exciting trip !
It's great that these 3 attractions are all recognized by UNESCO as world cultural heritage sites. The first destination was the mausoleum of Khai Dinh - the 12th Emperor of the Nguyen Dynasty. What impressed me most in the mausoleum were the details assembled from thousands of pieces of porcelain, porcelain and glass - combining them into extremely fine paintings. cunning. Lunch at the restaurant is typical dishes of Hue people, diverse dishes with very delicious flavors - suitable for my taste. Continue moving to Thien Mu Pagoda, an ancient pagoda located right next to the romantic Perfume River. The tour guide tells about the history and introduces in detail the locations in the Imperial Citadel of Hue - one of the largest-scale works in Vietnamese history. This place is quiet and fresh, making me want to stay here forever. I found this trip experience very worthwhile, everything from the people, the food, the weather to the tour guide were all great! Please try and experience it!
Review of: HUE CITY 1 DAY GUIDED TOURS from DA NANG CITY
Written March 1, 2024
Gavin T
Stoke-on-Trent, UK2 contributions
Ba na hills and marble mountains
Great day very interesting and some stunning things to see. Our tour guide Cong was top drawer - very engaging and full of knowledge and information - always happy to help and made the day even better.
Thank you - would definitely use again
Review of: Private Ba Na Hills & Golden Hands Bridge and Marble Mountains
Written March 5, 2024
Richard O
Greenfield, WI1 contribution
Very interesting tour!
Very informative tour. We learned a lot about Vietnam history and culture. Learned interesting anecdotes about the wars.
Review of: Morning Small group to Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain
Emma T
3 contributions
Fabulous. Thoroughly recommend
Ben was a fantastic guide! Charming, knowledgeable, fun and very kind. Nothing was too much trouble and he was a great photographer to boot! Very flexible - the tour took longer than advertised because we were lingering and he even went that extra mile after the tour had finished as I stupidly left my cash card in the ATM machine. He and the driver were so kind going into the bank and arranging for me to get the card back.
Review of: DA NANG Marble Mountain and Monkey Mountain PRIVATE TOUR
Written March 10, 2024
steve k
Exeter, UK11 contributions
Lin Danang from Dacotours highly recommended!
Lin Danang from Dacotours was the best! He was extremely punctual, courteous, knowledgeable and helpful throughout the 6 hours he guided us around Ba Na Hills. My wife and I very highly recommend him to all English and Vietnamese visitors wanting a guide for the day. He also covers Golden Bridge, Monkey Mountain, Marble Mountain and Hue city, as well as Hoi An and Da Nang. Excellent!
Review of: Full Day Golden Bridge and Ba Na Hills Small Group Tour
macie b
Vietnam's Fairytale Escape: A Daytrip to Ba Na Hills
Ba Na Hills felt like stepping into a storybook with Jun as our friendly tour guide! The cable car ride was through misty mountains. Jun told us cool things about Vietnam and made us laugh with his funny stories. It was like walking through a giant painting, all beautiful greens and blues with the gold bridge shining. We even rode a crazy rollercoaster! If you want a day filled with fun, flowers, and mountain magic, Ba Na Hills is the place to be! Just make sure to bring your camera for all the amazing things to see.
Review of: Da Nang: Ba Na Hills and Golden Bridge Tour
Written February 23, 2024
mahoo
Awesome experience, perfectly organized
This was a very nice experience. Recommend it to everyone who likes to get the best views and experience of the Hai Van Pass. We booked the tour to ride on the back of one of their professional and very friendly drivers. Everything was organized perfectly from photo stops (plenty of them!) along the route to transferring our backpacks to Hoi An. We always felt safe and got a lot of information along the way. Thanks again for this great day!
Review of: Hue to Hoi An ( Hoi An to Hue) Top Gear with Lefamily Riders Tours ( 1 way)
Frequently Asked Questions about Da Nang
Which experiences are best for tours in Da Nang?
What are the best places for tours in Da Nang?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for kids and families?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for couples?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for groups?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic tours in Da Nang?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for tours in Da Nang?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for adventurous travelers?
Which places provide the best tours in Da Nang for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Tours in Da Nang
1.
2.
Cold feet?
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
$37
29.
30.
$38
Chicago, IL
6 contributions
United Arab Emirates
11 contributions
Plano, TX
4 contributions
Canada
9 contributions
Stoke-on-Trent, UK
Greenfield, WI
Exeter, UK
