Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Walk-in Shower in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
18 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Walk-in Shower
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
Best Seller
2. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#2 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
3. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
#3 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play (I’m..."
4. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
#4 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
5. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#5 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
6. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#6 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
7. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#7 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
8. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#8 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
9. The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
#9 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
10. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#10 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
11. The Enchanted Hotel
1 review
#11 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
12. Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#12 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
13. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
#13 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
14. White Crown Hotel
#14 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
15. Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
#15 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
16. Lake Hills Hotel Halong
#16 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
17. Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
#17 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
18. Song Kieu Hotel
0 reviews
#18 Best Value of 18 Halong Bay Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Hotels with Walk-in Shower nearby destinations
Tuan Chau Island
Cat Ba
Quang Ninh Province
Hai Phong
Popular destinations for Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Sakon Nakhon
Phu Quoc Island
Soak up the sun and some Vietnamese culture on Phu Quoc Island, where white sands and tropical waters entice beachgoers from all over the globe. Snorkeling, scuba diving and fishing are the most popular water sports here, though jet-skiing, wind sailing and squid fishing—yes, squid fishing—are also at your vacationing fingertips. Check out the early-morning Duong Dong Market for an authentic local experience.
Read more
Chandrapur District
Tirunelveli District
Silvassa
Komsomolsk-on-Amur
Narrandera
Mahajanga
Milas
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsWalk-in Shower
The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
3.1 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places..."
"This is the second time i stay at this hotel. The hotel is very new and clean, the staff is friendly. The breakfast is quite delicious, especialy Chicken Pho. I'm very satisfied an will come back next December."
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
The Yacht Hotel by DC
33 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
"The staff are lovely and always attentive and very helpful. The rooms are fantastic, beds are great, towels are fluffy, and the bathroom is awesome. View of the bay would be great on a clear day. Amazing deserts..."
Nin Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)"
"everything is great, the room is clean, neat, the staff is enthusiastic and very handsome, the room price is cheap and reasonable including breakfast. There is also a very convenient and reasonable tour to visit the..."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
1.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The massage was wonderful and just what I needed. My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was..."
"Lovely hotel. Really attentive staff. Nice environment. The view of the sea and mountains is very beautiful. Room and amenities: clean and complete. The pool is beautiful with a gorgeous view. Staff: extremely..."
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
3.3 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
"The hotel was lovely. We were only there for one night before getting on a cruise to the Ha Long Bay Islands. It is slightly more pricey than other hotels in Vietnam but it was an ideal location for the cruise..."
Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
3.6 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app. Our..."
"First time at a smart hotel, and I was impressed with the service and experience. The bar works 24/7 and the staff is very kind and friendly. They have a gym, laundry services and a big space for working. Very close..."
Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
3 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more..."
"Very new, spotless clean, modern room design and nice building and the whole area, just being built. Few cafes around there. Love the architecture of the buildings. Location was perfect, 10-15 min walk to the old..."
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel."
"Property was more or less what I expected, a new and nice but not luxurious property- more like a good four star than five star category. Front desk staff was helpful and professional and gave us some small upgrade..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
18
Hotels Prices From
$15
Hotels Reviews
4,551
Hotels Photos
5,193
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with walk-in shower
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
18 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
