Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Khanh Hoa Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamKhanh Hoa ProvinceThings to Do in Khanh Hoa ProvinceTours in Khanh Hoa Province
THE 10 BEST Khanh Hoa Province Tours & Excursions
Khanh Hoa Province Tours
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Concerts & Shows
Food & Drink
Show more
Product Categories
Ports of Call Tours
Bus Tours
Sightseeing Tours
Motorcycle Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
Russian
Korean
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
See All Tour Operators
445 places sorted by featured
1. Explore Nha Trang Bay: Half-Day Snorkeling Adventure Tour
246
On the Water
6 hours
The sandy beaches and rocky coves of Hon Mun Island lie just off the coast of Nha Trang and are fringed with magnificent…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 94% of travelers
from
$40
per adult
Reserve
2. Discover Scuba Diving on Hon Mun Island in Nha Trang
107
Scuba Diving
6–7 hours
With its vibrant coral reefs and abundance of marine life, Hon Mun Island is the ideal place to try scuba diving, just off…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$85
Cold feet? Book risk-free with free cancellations on most bookings.
3. Trekking and Cliff-Jumping at Ba Ho Waterfall - half day tour
144
5 hours
This is the most convenient and fun way to explore Ba Ho Waterfall with instructions and insights from local guide.
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$33
4. Coral Reef Snorkeling and Floating Bar Party from Nha Trang
71
Spring Break
Explore the beauty of marine life and coral. Enjoy many sea activities: giant water slides, SUP, kayaking and more. Experience…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$28
5. Private Nha Trang city excursion (haft day program)
21
3–4 hours
Enrich your travel's album by joining in the haft day Nha Trang city excursion. Within 4 hours, on this tour  you will have…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
$53
6. 3 Islands Tour of Nha Trang
41
Nha Trang - An island paradise for those who love the warm climate, playing under the blue water waves in the vast ocean…
$55
7. Full Day Trip - From Nha Trang to Dalat including Datanla Fall
23
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
Dalat or Da Lat is the capital city of Lam Dong province, Vietnam. Da Lat is the City of Flowers and honeymooners with lovely…
$79
8. Private NhaTrang City Tour and Mud Bath I-resort with Lunch
Discover the most famous places in Nha Trang: Ponagar Tower, Long Son Pagoda, National Oceanographic Museum of Vietnam. …
$90
9. Amazing Snorkeling at Mun Island ( Group Tour )
45
Swimming
With colorful coral reefs and an abundance of marine life, the islands around Nha Trang are the ideal for snorkeling. On…
$29
10. Nha Trang Sunset Cocktails and Dinner Cruise
187
4 hours
Indulge yourself or treat that special someone with this 3.5-hour sunset dinner cruise package featuring a 5-course dinner…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
11. VIP Private Nha Trang City Day Tour
67
Luxury Car Tours
5–6 hours
Pick up from Nha Trang center Hotel/ Nha Trang Port Return to original departure point Type Tour: Private VIP Tour with…
$58
12. Jeep Adventure
15
4WD Tours
* The Jeep: These ex US military Jeeps were used during the Vietnam war (1960-1975), for tactical & command missions. These…
13. V.I.P Snorkeling & Fishing Tour ( Speed Boat ) Minimum 02 people
3
Adventure Tours
Welcome to Nha Trang bay , One of the most beautiful bay in the world . Join us the most amazing snorkeling tour and Fishing…
$105
14. Nha Trang Cooking Class
56
Unique Experiences
Accompanied & guided by Chef Dat with 18 year experience and Dat is also a certified English speaking guide for over 20 …
$67
15. Nha Trang Island Hopping Tour Snorkeling and Floating Party
14
Immerse yourself in the magical beauty of the coral reefs and have bustling moments at the crazy floating party with music…
$24
16. Nha Trang Full Day Private Tour Snorkeling Included Lunch And Mud Bath
1
Jet Boat Rentals
Combine with speedboat excursions and enjoy a hot mud bath at Hon Tam mud bath Center. Let us take you on the special itinerary…
$155
17. Nha Trang: Top Sites Must Visit Nha Trang City Trip
8
-Enjoy a wonderful half-day tour of beautiful Nha Trang. After a pickup from your hotel at 8am, you will be on your way …
$65
18. Private Snorkeling Tour Nha Trang Included Lunch And Snorkel Gear
Start the trip at Nha Trang pier. It takes an hour to Hon Tam island. Docked on the ocean, guests do snorkeling for discovering…
19. 1Day Biking to Nha Trang from Dalat
2
This cycling tour takes travellers from Dalat to Nha Trang and is ideal for active adventurers who prefer to sweat a little…
$87
20. Explore Nha Trang Island included Mudbath and Lunch - Group Tour
5
4–6 hours
If you are looking a good experience and good price on exploring Nha Trang Bay by Boat Trip so this is a best choice that…
$49
21. Premium snorkel trip& island hopping-SPEEDBOAT-SEAFOOD BBQ(MAX 8)
27
VISIT PACIFICBOAT.NET FOR HAVING MORE INFORMATIONS * Nha Trang city is known as one of the places with the most beautiful…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
22. Sunset on Catamaran Joint Tour
22
Stand Up Paddleboarding
Enjoy sailing experience in Nha Trang on Sunset time. Professional crew, welcome drink - champagne, alcohol & non-alcohol…
23. Amazing City Tour & Ba Ho Waterfall By Car (Small Gourp Tour)
17
This trip is specially designed for you when you arrive at Nha Trang by Cruise Ship ,begining of the tour  our lovely tour…
$59
24. One day VIP Private Tour Explore Nha Trang From Dalat
6–8 hours
Overview Explore the Omega pass from Dalat to Nha Trang, and its surroundings. See the thousands of greenhouses that line…
$110
25. Trekking & Cliff Jumping Ba Ho Waterfall ( Motorcycle Tour )
7–8 hours
Leaving Nha Trang beach city, tour guides will drive you on calm and cool roads along beautiful peaceful countryside villages…
26. Hidden Hon Ba Nature Reserve Motorcycle Tour BBQ,Beer,Waterfall
102
The mountains, waterfalls, and primeval forests of the Hon Ba Nature Reserve lie just a 1.5-hour drive from Nha Trang. With…
$68
27. Nha Trang Half Day Motorbike Tour
89
Get out and explore Nha Trang countryside.Explore the roads less traveled in the countryside hopping onto the back of a …
28. Nha Trang Highly Recommended Private Special Snorkeling Tour by speed boat
4–5 hours
Respect for Your Freedom and Individuality. If you hate being packed in like a sardine on a booze cruise, take our private…
$108
29. Private Da Lat city excursion (starting at Nha Trang city central)
10–12 hours
Discover a beautiful city, not far from the city of Nha Trang - Dalat with its own special attractions are pine wood with…
$125
30. Best of Private Nha Trang Shore Excursion from Cau Da Port
5–8 hours
Being one of 29 most beautiful bays in the world, Nha Trang is a popular destination among beach lovers. Joining our Nha…
$89
…
Showing results 1-30 of 445
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Journey749222
5 contributions
0
Well worth it
Excellent trip, beautiful views and friendly staff, lunch was good too. Boats don’t have too many people on them, so plenty of room and an upstairs deck for sun bathing.
Review of: Explore Nha Trang Bay: Half-Day Snorkeling Adventure Tour
Written March 5, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Mack R
Edinburgh, UK3 contributions
Great experience for new divers
Brilliant trip for new divers, I last dove 8 years ago and this was my partners first time. Visibility wasn’t incredible, but we came at the wrong time of year for clear oceans, the instructor the two of us had, Duc, was great at helping out my partner with the issues she had with her first time, as well as navigating us around the ocean floor, and we got plenty of time across both dives to look at all the ocean life and dove to around 10 meters. The lunch on the way back to shore was also a welcome treat after diving. Would highly recommend to anyone wanting to try out diving or just explore part of the ocean off vietnam!
Read more
Review of: Discover Scuba Diving on Hon Mun Island in Nha Trang
Written October 24, 2023
charlotte w
1 contribution
Highly recommend
5/5 Tu’s English was great and all the waterfall activities were great fun. Highly recommend, there’s no pressure to do everything but you still have a great time regardless.
Review of: Trekking and Cliff-Jumping at Ba Ho Waterfall - half day tour
Written March 7, 2024
Laura W
12 contributions
Frequent snorkler, first timer on a Floating Bar Party and would go again!
Party is what we did! We sang, swam, and snorkeled, smiling the whole time. The team of organizers and entertainers were so helpful and seemed to have a great time themselves too, which added to our fun. Highly recommended if you like to have fun.
Review of: Coral Reef Snorkeling and Floating Bar Party from Nha Trang
Written March 6, 2024
Joanne H
Brilliant day with an excellent guide
Our guide, Huong, was absolutely fantastic!!!!! So enthusiastic, excellent English and really really helpful.

She explained all the sites so well and the driver was always ready to pick us up and take us to the next destination.
We had a brilliant day, with a brilliant guide and it was an excellent introduction to a lovely destination
Thank you to Huong
Review of: Private Nha Trang city excursion (haft day program)
Written January 29, 2024
Ludivine R
Very relaxing activity
Loojc is really a very friendly guide! It is a very relaxing activity where you can enjoy water activities (at your own expense) and a mud bath. We have time on each island to relax.
Review of: 3 Islands Tour of Nha Trang
Written March 9, 2024
Donna L Martin
Bramhall, UK9 contributions
Would recommend this trip.
What a great day out. We enjoyed all the stops and had sufficient time in each. Also it’s a special mention to the Cresta Run (rollercoaster) at the waterfall, great fun. Dalat is down for a return visit as the highlands are stunning. We were also fortunate to have such an excellent guide/driver in Dragon. He was friendly, knowledgeable and a great photographer! He gave us loads of background information and was always able to answer my many questions.
We had bad weather going back over the mountain pass and it was dark but we felt very safe with Dragon driving.
We were dropped back at our hotel after having had a marvellous day out.
Review of: Full Day Trip - From Nha Trang to Dalat including Datanla Fall
Written February 27, 2024
rosegrove77
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia299 contributions
6
Good value and a decent experience
This was one of the typical ‘wooden’ boat slow tours. Our boat has 16 on it including us. The host, Lam, was pleasant enough and looked after us. We were looking forward to enjoying what we’d read was the ‘aquarium of Vietnam’ but the snorkelling was average really. There were three sites. The first was the poorest, second best for number of fish but poor visibility and third was best for visibility but not a lot to see. (Obviously not the fault of the tour if not a lot of fish about…). It was sad to see whilst sailing just how much litter is washing up on Vietnam’s shores.
There was a lovely meal provided onboard (much better than the mass eating at fish farm some other tours offer) and a fruit platter after the 3rd site.
Overall it’s a decent tour and well priced for 5 hours. Pick up and drop off at your hotel is a bonus.
Review of: Amazing Snorkeling at Mun Island ( Group Tour )
Written August 6, 2023
Compass15921973756
very nice trip
Good music and mood.
Ttiu is very kind i like her ~
I wanna come here again with my parents!! maybe next time
lets healing time togethe here
Review of: Nha Trang Sunset Cocktails and Dinner Cruise
Robin L
4 contributions
Best day ever in the beautiful city of Nha Trang - Sa was the perfect guide and ambassador
Our day with Sa was perfect! We could not have asked for a better guide and ambassador for the beautiful city of Nha Trang. Sa kept us thoroughly entertained and on schedule all while keeping us well fed and hydrated plus she took and sent us amazing photos so we have wonderful memories to cherish. Wish there were more stars to give!!
Review of: VIP Private Nha Trang City Day Tour
Written March 8, 2024
Solo Sue
Wonderful Solo Experience
As a 78 year old solo traveller, I was excited to embark on a Jeep adventure through the countryside of Nha Trang.  I had always been an adventurous spirit and this trip was no exception.
 
My trusty guide Loi and beautifully restored vintage Jeep were waiting outside my hotel room. Our first stop was at a local fruit stall, where I stocked up on some fresh fruits for the journey ahead. The friendly vendor even gave me some great tips on the best way to grow some of the fruit back home.
As we cruised through the winding roads, I couldn't help but admire the beautiful scenery around me. The lush green rice paddies, towering mountains, and quaint villages all added to the charm of the countryside.
Our next stop was at a stunning waterfall. Captain Loi parked the Jeep and we took a short hike to get a closer look. The sound of the rushing water and the cool mist on my face was invigorating. I sat there for a while, taking in the peaceful surroundings and feeling grateful for this amazing experience.
As we continued our journey, we passed by small villages and farms, waving at the friendly locals and stopping to take pictures of the picturesque landscapes. We even stopped at a local restaurant for a delicious lunch of traditional dishes.
As the day went on, I realized that age was just a number and I was still capable of embarking on new adventures. The Jeep adventure through the countryside was a perfect reminder of that.
As the afternoon started to approach, I made my way back to my starting point, feeling fulfilled and rejuvenated. This solo Jeep adventure was truly a memorable experience.
Thankyou to Liem and team at Jeep it up!
Review of: Jeep Adventure
Written February 12, 2024
Julia S
29 contributions
Super relaxing day with an excellent lunch
We have had a wonderfully relaxing day with Monkey, snorkelling and fishing, and yes we did catch loads of fish!
It was well organised from start to finish with taxi and speedboat then a superb lunch followed by a snooze in the shade. Just perfect! Monkey was at the port as planned to pick us up in the morning and ensured we were back in plenty of time for the last tender back to the ship.
Thank you Monkey, luverly jubberly 😃.
Review of: V.I.P Snorkeling & Fishing Tour ( Speed Boat ) Minimum 02 people
Written February 15, 2024
Elaine D
Amazing Experience!
Fantastic experience with chef Dat. We loved that he showed us around his home village where he grew up letting us see the real Vietnam. We visited a mat weaving factory, a noodle factory, 2 typical Vietnamese homes and stopped at several markets which were full of fresh local produce. Dat purchased the ingredients for the food we were going to make for lunch. We then went to Dat’s beautiful house and he taught us how to cook 3 meals in his wonderful outdoor kitchen. We learned more about Dat and how he started out on his journey of tourism/cooking. Thank you again Dat. We loved the experience, the beautiful food and your great company. We will try to replicate your recipes when we go home.
Review of: Nha Trang Cooking Class
Written February 19, 2024
Iliostar
Antwerp, Belgium16 contributions
wonderful excursion
best tour we have had, the owner is super friendly and professional
the crew and all facilities were picked up on time and delivered safely to our hotel on time, top service
Review of: Nha Trang Island Hopping Tour Snorkeling and Floating Party
Written February 21, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Khanh Hoa Province
Which experiences are best for tours in Khanh Hoa Province?
What are the best places for tours in Khanh Hoa Province?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for kids and families?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for couples?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for groups?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic tours in Khanh Hoa Province?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for tours in Khanh Hoa Province?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for adventurous travelers?
Which places provide the best tours in Khanh Hoa Province for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Khanh Hoa Province
Tours in Khanh Hoa Province
1.
2.
Cold feet?
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Edinburgh, UK
3 contributions
Bramhall, UK
9 contributions
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
299 contributions
Antwerp, Belgium
16 contributions
