Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Madalena F wrote a review Sep 2019
Macau, China11 contributions2 helpful votes
A la carte hotel
The hotel is great near the sea. Uyen was always willing to help and other staffs are also very kind and full of smile. Will definitely re visit again You can easily call. Grab for going around, I also tried grab food which you can have your supper during mid night
Read more
Date of stay: September 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Sep 17, 2019
Xin chao 871madalenaf, Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team especially Ms. Uyen. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
たぬき wrote a review Sep 2019
2 contributions
for the first time visit to Vietnam
We had a great service during my stay. The hotel is very close to the beach. We enjoyed a pool(ocean view), breakfast(buffet) and night bar. Thank you for your kindness, LIEN and other stuffs. ：）好））））
Responded Sep 15, 2019
Xin chào Snoooopy147, Greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for choosing our hotel among other upscale hotel Danang and give us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoy your stay with us especially our friendly staff. Ms.Lien from Guest Service would much appreciate for your compliment on her work. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Justin41510 wrote a review Sep 2019
San Francisco, California9 contributions1 helpful vote
Excellent place to stay!
I come to Da Nang once every year and have been staying here for 4 years in a row. A La Carte is my favorite hotel here in Da Nang. The property is in a great location, is very clean, and staff is the best. The rooftop bar/pool, the spa, the room service food, the buffet/restaurants and kind staff make it an excellent stay every time.
Responded Sep 9, 2019
Xin chào Justin41510, Warmest greetings from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you are back and again, our staff made you a comfortable experience. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. Your compliments will be shared with the rest of the team to make them motivated. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
business FIT wrote a review Jul 2019
China3 contributions3 helpful votes
Hotel in nice location
this hotel is very closed to the beach and nice location where you can easy find food, massage and good restaurant. of course, you can go to beach for swimming also, just pass a road. at the back side of hotel, you can find many small shops for noodles, coffee and foot massage....
Date of stay: July 2019
Responded Jul 18, 2019
Xin chào Incrediableman_2019, Warmest greetings from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. Your compliments will be shared with the rest of the team to make them motivated. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Mansur M wrote a review Jul 2019
India455 contributions38 helpful votes
Great Location and Decor, Fantastic View of Ocean and Beach from Balcony
The hotel is located at the rightest location in Da Nang City, Plenty of street food stalls just at stone throw distance, Rooms with Ocean View Balcony are amazing, Breakfast is good and enough to choose from, Room Interior are unique specially the batroom shower enclosure in between the middle of room. BE CAREFUL OF BATH MIXTURE, Its get very hot and could burn your skin. Look for HOT sticker placed near the water regulator. Look at pictures attached to have a view of Room, balcony, Beach, The room entrance is through a huge living room with a tiny powder room and another Balcony with a cloth drying hanger trolley. Only one star less in my review because of damp smell inside room. everything else is unique.
Date of stay: June 2019
Responded Jul 19, 2019
Xin chào MansurM148, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! What's a lovely review that makes our day. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. We hope that you do do get hurt in the hot bathtub water. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
Jude W wrote a review Jul 2019
Melbourne, Australia16 contributions21 helpful votes
Great Hotel Excellent customer service
We stayed here for three nights. Had the best time ever. The staff are super friendly and helpful. Also have a guest service team who helped my wife after a burn from a motor cycle exhaust. THAO from guest service even came up to our room to dress the wound. The hotel is located in the middle of all the action on Da nang beach and close to all the restaurants shopping and massage places. The rooms are very clean and tidy. Ours overlooked the ocean with amazing views. Breakfast is very good with a choice of Asian and continental. The roof top bar is where the pool is and has views of Da nang. There is a a lot of entertainment just opposite the hotel which does get a bit loud sometimes but you just need to get with the beat to enjoy. I would however suggest a room on the higher…
Responded Jul 15, 2019
Xin chào Althea and Jude, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! What's a lovely review that makes our day. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. Our whole team, especially Ms. Thao from Guest service has been shared to know your compliment. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
charm1989 wrote a review Jul 2019
5 contributions
Great hotel
I had a lovely experience staying in Ala Carte hotel Da Nang. The room was clean and beautiful ocean view And delicious breakfast meal. Great customer service from the reception especially the supervisor receptionist Vuong he was great and very welcoming. Unfortunately, it was a noisy place for us to stay. We couldn’t sleep at night due to the karaoke noise and street noise. Overall, it was a great stay.
Responded Jul 9, 2019
Xin chào Charm1989, Thank you for your time sharing us your experience at the hotel and your recognizing on our friendly staff efforts, especially Mr. Vương - our Supervisor Receptionist. Your review has been shared to the whole team to make them motivated. We are sorry about the outside noise which made you feel uncomfortable. We hope that you enjoyed your stay overall and look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
AlishaT wrote a review Jun 2019
Yokosuka, Japan4 contributions7 helpful votes
Great location but noisy
Hotel was very clean and was in a great location (right across from the beach). The only complaints we had was that there is a bar across the street that plays very loud music at very late hours of the night. Also there is construction right next to the hotel which makes relaxing or sleeping difficult due to the noise from the beach and construction. When watching TV we could not hear the television over the noise from outside. Also the food was average or not very good. We ordered buffalo wings and got fried chicken wings with mayonnaise mixed with hot dipping sauce. Staff was friendly, rooms are clean, pool was nice, and my children enjoyed the hotel. Breakfast was the only meal we ate that we really enjoyed. Also the bar serves good drinks.
Responded Jul 2, 2019
Xin chào Alishabe82, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Firstly I would like to thank you for taking the time to advise us your stay at the hotel and we are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us especially our friendly staff, wonderful location, good drink and delicious breakfast. We are very sorry reading your review about the noise during your stay with us. We certainly empathize regarding the points you mentioned. We will make sure to send your message to all the departments involve so we can improve the better service for you and others in the future. I hope that we will have a chance to welcome you back to A La Carte Da Nang Beach again soon. Sincerely, The hotel management team.
Janet Lee wrote a review Jun 2019
Really terrible stay! Dirty and noisy!
Very dusty room because of renovations! bad for the health! My child was sneezing so badly throughout the stay. Another thing is that we were trying to sleep at night but then there was a club/party next to the hotel blasting really loud music until midnight. Our sleep were badly affected by this and we had to wake up early the next day. Even when the windows were tightly shut, the noise still affected us. Overall experience was not satisfactory.
Responded Jul 3, 2019
Xin chào Janetlee0, First of all, we would like to thank you for choosing us for your stay and provide us review on TripAdvisor. We are obviously disappointed that you did not like your stay at À La Carte Da Nang Beach due to some problem on sound proofing and room dusty. Your feedback has been shared with relevant management team for review and action. Once again, we appreciate your sharing your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the near future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Hanhhhphan wrote a review Jun 2019
1 contribution
So nice
This is second time I stay in alacarte hotel. Service is still good. My room was very great with ocean view. Staffs always welcome us with natural smile, ms.lien helped us so much for arranging the plan
Xin chào HAnnphhan, Thank you for taking the time to write a review on TripAdvisor. We are pleased to learn that you were generally happy with your stay especially our friendly staff - Ms. Lien. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1112131415…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Madalena F
Macau, China
11 contributions
11
2 helpful votes
Date of stay:
transparency report
たぬき
Justin41510
San Francisco, California
9 contributions
9
1 helpful vote
1
business FIT
China
3 contributions
3 helpful votes
Mansur M
India
455 contributions
455
38 helpful votes
38
Jude W
Melbourne, Australia
16 contributions
16
21 helpful votes
21
We stayed here for three nights. Had the best time ever. The staff are super friendly and helpful. Also have a guest service team who helped my wife after a burn from a motor cycle exhaust. THAO from guest service even came up to our room to dress the wound. The hotel is located in the middle of all the action on Da nang beach and close to all the restaurants shopping and massage places. The rooms are very clean and tidy. Ours overlooked the ocean with amazing views. Breakfast is very good with a choice of Asian and continental. The roof top bar is where the pool is and has views of Da nang. There is a a lot of entertainment just opposite the hotel which does get a bit loud sometimes but you just need to get with the beat to enjoy. I would however suggest a room on the higher
charm1989
AlishaT
Yokosuka, Japan
4 contributions
7 helpful votes
7
Janet Lee
Hanhhhphan
…
12
13
14
15
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
