Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Visit the Land of Pasta, Wine and History
Florence, Italy
Sep 15 - Sep 22, 2023
Getaway, 8 days, 4 people
Interests: Local Cuisine, Local Culture, History, Luxury, Museums
Vibe: Adventurous
Considerations: Interested in exploring the art and culture that define this beautiful Tuscan city.
Trip Designer: Matteo D
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024
Terms
Report a map error
Day 1
Flight from JFK International Airport (JFK) to Florence Airport (FLR)
Airport Transfer to Hotel
Your driver will meet you at the airport upon arrival. He’ll be holding a sign with your name. Sit back and enjoy the fresh Tuscan air and beautiful scenery on your way to the hotel.
Check in at Grand Hotel Minerva
A unique boutique property in the historical heart of Florence. The hotel has an amazing roof top bar and pool with a breathtaking 360° view of Florence.
Grand Hotel Minerva
(2,384)
Piazza Santa Maria Novella 16, 50123, Florence Italy
011 39 055 27230
Reco Perks:
Welcome drink
Complimentary room upgrade when available
Complimentary early check-in when available
Day 2
Breakfast at the Hotel
You’ve got an adventurous day ahead. Be sure to enjoy a delicious breakfast at your hotel before heading out for today’s activities.
Florence Center City Biking Tour
Local people in Florence move in the city by bike. Doing a bike tour of the city center means living as a local, and on top of that it’s fun! Enjoy a guided tour of the Accademia Gallery to see the statue of David by Michelangelo.
Cooking with a Local
Spend your evening in a cooking class! This exclusive experience is hosted in a local’s home and includes grocery shopping at an open air market! Food and cooking are a fundamental part of the Italian lifestyle. Spend a few hours like a real Italian by purchasing the fresh ingredients and then cooking them following traditional Italian recipes.
Exclusive access to private tours
Day 3
Marbled Paper Masterclass
Visit an ancient workshop in the heart of Florence, learning a little bit of history about marbled paper and why this product is so important for the city of Florence. You’ll enjoy a marbled paper demonstration of this old technique of decorating paper. After the demonstration, you'll be taught to make your own marble paper!
Early Dinner at Degusteria Italiana agli Uffizi
Enjoy an early dinner at Degusteria Italiana agli Uffizi. This exquisite restaurant sits right in the shadow of the Uffizi Gallery. Every dish, from starters to desserts, is a creative and delicious work of art.
Reservations at booked out restaurants
Degusteria Italiana agli Uffizi
(944)
Via Lambertesca 7r A Pochi Metri Dal Museo Uffizi, 50122, Florence Italy
+39 055 493 9867
Suggested: Sunset at Piazzale Michelangelo
This 19th century piazza has undoubtedly the best panoramic view of Florence, especially at sunset. Grab a bottle of wine and enjoy!
Start planning with Matteo for a full personalized itinerary
Learn more about planning a trip with a Reco Trip Designer. Chats occur in our secure portal. Chatting is always free. If it’s a good match, you’ll have the option to hire for $200.
Match with an Italy expert
View Matteo’s Profile
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
