Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Free Breakfast in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Breakfast included
Ngoc Mai Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Halong Bay
#82 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Au Lac Resort
2 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had a..."
"We stayed here for a night (room 8607). It is a resort hotel on the island of Tuan Chau which is 12 km from Halong bay and is accessed by a causeway. Our room was in villa 8 directly up the hill from reception and..."
Ha Long 3 Hotel
3 reviews
#84 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi..."
"A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the..."
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#85 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Anh Duong Hotel
3.7 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection..."
ATI Quan Lan Eco Resort
#87 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Sadly we had a terrible experience in a beautiful place. On arrival we were greeted with what felt like resentment from the staff. This followed by being woken at 5.30am by someone peeping through the holes made..."
"If a bamboo hut on a deserted beach on a remote island sounds like Nirvana, then the Quan Lan Eco Resort is the place for you. Getting to Quan Lan Island is an adventure in and of itself. There is a local ferry..."
Kenny Hotel
20 reviews
#88 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities are..."
"Located a bit far from Halong Bay itself, and seems to focus its trade on tour groups (like ours!). Fairly new hotel and caters for the digital age with power points everywhere! Unfortunately, the toiletries were..."
Vuon Dao
5 reviews
#89 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy about..."
"I visited Vietnam with my husband last month and we stayed at the Vuon Dao Hotel located in and around the Ha Long Bay. With quality accommodation at reasonable prices, we were able to enjoy an array of services..."
Catba Water Park Resort
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
#91 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is..."
Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
#93 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD..."
"We booked an overnight stay here with my wife because it's just a walking distance from bai chay (where restaurants and souvenir shops are located). Our room have a small fridge, a CRT TV, a coffee table set..."
Bach Dang Hotel
#94 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
#95 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the..."
"I have to say this is the worst we have stayed in so far. Bed is as hard as a rock,TV is small, air conditioning barely works. Bathroom-shower was ok but toilet was cracked around the bottom and didn't flush..."
Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with..."
"Firstly I would recommend the only reason why one would stay the night in Tuan Chau would just for transit between Hanoi or Hai Phong. In general I would recommend goof back to Hanoi or Hai Phong if possible and not..."
Island Pearl Hotel
#16 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned..."
Prosperity Hotel
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
#32 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago..."
Green Capital Hotel
#101 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night..."
"The horrible experience started with the try to get to the Hotel. The adress wasn't known to the taxi drivers of Ha Long City. After a trip through the half of the city the driver was able to find the hotel. So we..."
Camellia Tuan Chau
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba ferry..."
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#103 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
#18 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels changed..."
"This hotel is very nice but somebody needs to train the staff. We walked into the foyez to find no receptionist and the staff playing cards. We had to interrupt their game to get someone to help us. We said: "Hello..."
The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
#106 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was..."
"Staffs are unfriendly, room is old. Buffet breakfast is main rice and tofu, and something.. it is not suitable for breakfast. Staying here only has view to see Halong park and Bay chai beach. == Never come back here!"
Blue Sky Hotel
#107 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do..."
"Context: stayed in the hotel on a staff team trip with a local company. Rates were clearly very cheap to handle our limited budget. So what could we expect? I only hoped for it to be clean. Result: My room was..."
Atlantic Hotel
#108 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it was..."
"As we were doing a Halong Bay cruise the next day I was looking for a cheap hotel to stay the night in. Regrettably, not checking on TA before booking was the biggest mistake ever. When we arrived it was dark and..."
Ha Long Eden Hotel
#109 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly..."
"We had initially plan to stay in Halong for 2 days. Our experience with the people reduced that to one day. What ever you do, SHOP around and check out the rooms BEFORE you agree to stay at the hotels in Halong..."
Gia Ninh Hotel Ha Long
0 reviews
Chau Anh Halong Hotel
Tien Long Hotel
Thai HA Boutique
Green Bay Hotel Ha Long
Halong New Sun Hotel
Popular destinations for Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Yangon (Rangoon)
Yangon (formerly known as Rangoon) is no longer the capital of Myanmar, but it has experienced a huge increase in tourism recently. Book early, as hotel rooms are sometimes hard to find! While you’re in town, the Shwedagon Pagoda, an immense, ancient Buddhist shrine, is a must-see—TripAdvisor travelers recommend visiting at sunrise or sunset.
Read more
Nara
Thirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. "Old Japan" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. Travelers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.
Manali
In Hinduism, Manu was said to have survived a great flood that destroyed the rest of the world. He then recreated mankind in this Kullu Valley town. What a rush, huh? No wonder the towering peaks and verdant terrain of Manali attracts adventure travelers, with heli-skiing, hiking, mountaineering and river rafting the favored active pursuits. Come down from your endorphin high by breathing deeply at the four-story, wooden Hidimba Devi Temple, which sits in the middle of a nearby deciduous forest, or take a medicinal soak in the hot springs burbling from the ground a 30-minute walk from town.
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Hurghada
Stunning coral reefs and turquoise waters perfect for windsurfing have made Hurghada, on Egypt's Red Sea Coast, a busy resort town. Within easy reach of the stunning Giftun Islands and the Eastern Arabian Desert, Hurghada has seen enormous amounts of development in the past decade—and yes, it does seem overrun with tourists at times. But it’s a relatively easy beach escape for Europeans, and some of the world's best diving and snorkeling sites are just offshore. Walk or catch a cab to explore the old quarter, El Dahar.
Yercaud
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Kitchenette
Hotels with Restaurants
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with complimentary breakfast
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
