Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Valet Parking
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Can Tho
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
Linh Phuong 3
4 reviews
#42 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Mien Tay Hotel
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the shiny..."
"We stayed overnight in a triple room with my husband and son, on our way to Mu Cang Chai. The town is not very interesting - except for the market which was fascinating! - and there are very few tourists so..."
Khanh Duong Hotel
#46 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great little family run hotel. We booked it in AGODA for $11 a night for a double. We were given the third floor no elevator, other than that I cannot understand why it is so cheap. The staff are so nice and..."
Phuong Dong Hotel
14 reviews
#47 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window..."
"If you want a cheap room for the night then stay here, my room was neat and reasonably clean. Don't use the lifts to risky trust the stairs. All staff English is very poor or non existant. the restaurant menu..."
Can Tho Guesthouse
8 reviews
#48 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though..."
"Who in their right mind would put the external part of the air con unit INSIDE the building Constant sound of knackered air con units right outside your door (room 214) will keep you awake ALL night Add to..."
Lion Hotel
#49 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
An Hotel Can Tho
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a..."
Kim Khanh Hotel
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner..."
"My family and I only stayed there for one night. The staff was indeed friendly and helpful. We had a familiy room (space for 4+baby) at the top. The view from the adjoining terrace was marvelous. The breakfast was..."
Lan Vy Hotel
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
#55 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the..."
Anh Thu Hotel
#56 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from..."
"The Anh Thu Hotel in Can Tho was firmly in the budget category, this essentially means it is on the edge of living in poverty. Room rate $15-20 a standard double & about 1.5kms from town. You know you are living..."
Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
#60 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the..."
"This hotel is right on the river and next to the market, at the south end of the central part of town. It was fascinating to watch the boat traffic from the room (I think all the rooms have common balconies). On the..."
Tan Phuoc 2
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Tulip Hotel
#61 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Stay House
#62 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Phuc Long 2
#63 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Holiday 2 Hotel
#69 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Part of a tour. The breakfast is good. Hotel is just barely okay. Location is dreadful. Way too many neon massage signs around to make a person feel comfortable walking around. Not a great place, a person could do..."
"Dishonest and misleading hotel. Believe the poor reviews. Lots of prostitution business in the area. I had booked hotel room for 7 days but cancelled it after staying one night. I booked two rooms via agoda. When I..."
Tan Tay Do Hotel
11 reviews
#67 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"They wanted to keep our passports until checkout day (we had 2 nights) which seemed a bit weird. Then when we asked to get our passports immediately since we already paid, they refused to hand them over for a while..."
"We booked this hotel through Booking website. When we arrived, on the outside, the hotel was quite big and beautiful hotel. But when we stepped inside, we were disappointed a bit because everything was not as good..."
Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
#68 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could..."
"We stayed in this hotel on an overnight Mekong Delta tour from Ho Chi Minh so we did not pick this hotel ourselves. On first appearances the hotel is very basic, but looks fine. Unfortunately, when we pulled back..."
Hanh Phuc Hotel Can Tho
#70 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My family stays in 4VIP rooms.The rooms are big and clean.However the staffs here cant really speak English.They will use translation apps to communicate with you. No tissue paper in the room.Not located in the..."
"The staff were nice and did their jobs. The rooms were clean but not really that nice. The one we got had a small window with a view of a wall, and there was some kind of problem with the hot water. They said it..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
Hello 2
37 reviews
#72 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy..."
"Staff is very kind and helpful. Too bad the room was quite smelly and old. Beds were okay and there was a big bath we couldn't really use since the hot water was not hot at all. The location is great cause it's very..."
Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#73 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come..."
"I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the..."
Hoa Phuong Hotel
#74 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I went there to visit the Mekong Delta. The plan was to stay there three nights, but at least I stayed only two nights. The room and the bathroom weren't really clean and air conditioning and wifi didn't work. But..."
"Ok I know the tour from Sinh tourist is quite cheap, but there'are a lot of better hôtels at the same price. Obviously they have an agreement with sinh tourist. the main problem is the dirt, the whole place would..."
Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
#75 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the..."
"We had to stay in this hotel as part of a 2 day Mekong Delta Tour (also not recommended). We wouldn't have chose it otherwise. It is obviously a "pay by hour" hotel from the red light on the bedroom wall, provided..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Nam A Hotel
#55 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice room with a overwhelming friendly and supporting service! The Host supported us by all our last minutes decisions and organized a floating Market visit and our over night(night Bus) travel to Da Lat! Thank..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
