Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#45 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
Truong Sa Street Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (4,520)
Traveler
(4040)
Room & Suite
(652)
Dining
(335)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.4
Cleanliness
4.8
Service
4.7
Value
4.5
Naman Retreat is 5-star resort that seamlessly blends timeless Vietnamese heritage and culture with luxurious modern charm. The resort is ideal for luxury and relaxation with its' convenient location: easy access to the aestethic Hoi An city, short distance to dynamic Da Nang city, and historical city Hue. Our Retreat is designed to make guests feel comfortable with selection of top-class services such as room with great design, private pool, modern suite bathroom, free WiFi. Naman Retreat is the perfect getaway for those who crave something bold, unique, and desire to awaken their senses as embarking on a journey of "Being-Consciousness-Bliss". Feel free to contact host if you have any question!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Babysitting
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Private beach
Coffee / tea maker
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Romantic
Quiet
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and 1 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Da Nang Airport
7.3 mi
•
See all flights
Chulai Airport
47.1 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
70 Restaurants
within 5 miles
View on map
Table 88
356
19 min
$$$$
International
La Plage
191
Seafood
The Grill Restaurant
274
18 min
$$ - $$$
Steakhouse
Vive Oceane - Beach Club & Restaurant
67
3.4 mi
French
See all nearby restaurants
21 Attractions
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
3 mi
Beaches
The Marble Mountains
7,996
2.7 mi
Geologic Formations
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
2.6 mi
Caverns & Caves
Ao Dai Show
34
4 mi
Theater & Performances
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Naman Retreat is often depicted as a haven of relaxation and luxury, nestled in a pristine setting that's perfect for nature lovers. Guests have lauded the exceptional service, particularly from individuals like Min and Lily, and the strategic location that offers convenience to both Danang and Hoi An. While the rooms are spacious and some feature private pools, there are suggestions for improvement in the basic amenities offered.

The cleanliness of the hotel consistently receives positive feedback. Amenities, including the spa and dining options, are widely praised, although opinions on value diverge, with some guests finding certain prices steep.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Reasonable
Spotless
Attentive
Amenities
Outstanding
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
3,779
112
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 3,151
Very Good 431
Average 114
Poor 42
Terrible 41
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(3,779)
English(2,308)
Korean(1,070)
Japanese(235)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewshay haypool villapersonal ambassadordaily massagesluxury escapesmain poolbeautiful resortcooking classshuttle busrecommend this resortfree massageour honeymoonspa treatmentsother resortsmain restaurantprivate beachper daybuffet breakfastphoda nang citymarble mountainbabylon
Sort by:
Most Recent
Emma Jayne wrote a review Mar 8
Birmingham, United Kingdom17 contributions
Far from a retreat!
If you like the nicer hotels in life, do not book here. DO NOT be fooled by the nice photographs online. If you do want to take a chance (which is likely as you’ll skim over this review believing this hotel is 5 star/5 bubbles and ignore the few poor ratings like we did) then be very careful with choosing your room type. There appears to be two types of accommodation - the main building where reception is located; a miserable concrete block of flats and then villas throughout the rest of the grounds which are obviously newer additions. We were in a ‘sunlit suite with sea view’ and whilst the room was spacious, it lacked any sort of style and was extremely basic. The view, albeit as promised, resembled a graveyard of some kind and was not the lush green manicured grounds you’d…
Date of stay: March 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Dan-T-1987 wrote a review Mar 8
Lutterworth, United Kingdom37 contributions
Looks can be deceiving!!
Stayed here after looking at all the amazing pictures online, and a good amount of positive reviews. Retrospectively looked at the pictures again, and realised these are almost all beachfront villas….so unless this is what room you are booking, tread carefully, as the room I was given was nothing like any of the pictures. The beach side pool was probably the best thing about the hotel…the food was terrible, the main building room I stayed in was not 5* at all. The rooms were very basic, and for some reason contained a fake kitchen with no actual kitchen amenities. The bathroom was dark and based on not being able to put toilet paper down the toilet (which is fine of course if you are aware), I’m guessing the water filtration would not suit teeth brushing. Overall, I would not…
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Paradise36443 wrote a review Mar 3
3 contributions
Naman Retreat perfect place to relax
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by limousine from the hotel was perfect, The welcome at the reception was warm, friendly smiling Mrs Min from guest relations, she was our personal ambassador. She handles her job perfectly, knows how to relate to guests and was always available to us outside of office hours via what's up. The resort is beautifully maintained, clean, the work of the gardeners is evident at every turn Even after all these years we are still amazed by the size of the Hay Hay restaurant, all made of bamboo poles, spacious , airy, The breakfast buffet offers a wide selection of Western and…
Date of stay: February 2024
가영 박 wrote a review Feb 2024
1 contribution
Most satisfied accommodation!!
Our manager 'Jasmine' was kind, and the feedback was quick. The room was clean and the room temperature is pleasant. Everything the manager asked for was perfect! We use apartment. The all facilities and environment were good. The breakfast menu changed every day and was delicious, and the vegetables and fruits were fresh. We were very satisfied with the accommodation!
h88na wrote a review Feb 2024
Bushey, United Kingdom70 contributions
+1
The perfect retreat for relaxation
My family and I stayed in one of the beachfront villas as we wanted the seaview. Everything was perfect. The villas are clean, modern and spacious. We even had our own pool. Breakfast was superb..a must is the homemade granola. The salad, cheeses, breads etc.was superb too. The Mexican restaurant is a must while here. Especially if you love margaritas and tacos. Our favourite was the ceviche. We also enjoyed the beach bbq. Free flow drinks and superb selection of foods. Plus the singers were really good. There is also a hotel shuttle a few times a day to either DaNang or HoiAn. The hotel is situated in the middle of both towns. The staff at Naman are so friendly and go above and beyond for you. We were looked after by Candy, who messaged us daily to see if we were…
Response from Pham Thao, Dịch vụ khách hàng / Lễ tân at Naman Retreat
Responded 2 weeks ago
Dear Sir/Madam, On behalf of Naman Team, thank you for choosing our Naman Retreat on this vacation and thank you for your kind words. We are pleased to know everything came up positively and that you will keep good memories of your holiday. We appreciate your positive feedback to our Ambassador Candy. I am delighted to share this comment to the team to enhance our service better. We look forward to welcoming you back for another great stay and do not hesitate to contact our team at reservations@namanretreat.com to receive the details of more special promotion for loyalty guests. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Channie wrote a review Feb 2024
Da Nang, Vietnam4 contributions
Great resort in Da Nang
I have spent time vacationing here every year since 2019 until now. Although people have changed a lot, the beauty here remains intact, with lots of green trees and beautiful small villas. The breakfast buffet is very complete and always attractive to me.
Dear valued guest, Thank you for your recent stay at Naman Retreat and providing us with your valuable feedback. We are happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay with us. It was certainly a pleasure for us to be at your service and we all look forward to welcoming you again soon to Naman Retreat. Warm regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Jane L wrote a review Feb 2024
Singapore17 contributions
Pool villa with 3 bedrooms
It is an idyllic beachfront location halfway between Danang and Hoi An, best of both worlds. Also right next door to two golf courses. The villa is luxurious and self containing with free standing bathtubs in two of the rooms. It is one of the best timeshare holiday facility I have stayed in.
Review collected in partnership with RCI
Date of stay: January 2024
Responded 4 weeks ago
Dear valued Guest, Thank you for choosing Naman Retreat as your preferred stay in Da nang. We are delighted to hear your lovely feedback regarding your last stay. It is our aim to deliver excellence for our guests in order to enhance your retreat experience. Again, thank you for taking your time in writing this feedback. We hope we can welcome you back in the future. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Alex wrote a review Feb 2024
Braila, Romania2 contributions
Feel like in paradise
A dream location. You feel like in paradise. The beach is superb and you are not disturbed by anything. The rooms are very large and clean. The experience in the villa is very beautiful. The staff are very friendly and willing to solve any request at any time. Only words of praise for Min, the person who took care of our stay.
Dear valued guest, Thank you for your recent stay at Naman Retreat and providing us with your valuable feedback. We are happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay with us. Your comments on the service provided by our staff are most gratifying and will be shared with Min as well as the whole team. It was certainly a pleasure for us to be at your service and we all look forward to welcoming you again soon to Naman Retreat Warm regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
MAriffin wrote a review Feb 2024
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia11 contributions
Naman Retreat - good for the soul and mind, so relaxing, so refreshing
Stayed 6 days at the single unit, main building. Has separate living tv area (second tv in room) and kitchenette with fridge, microwave, induction cooker and simple utensils. Nice unit with a balcony and a sofa bed. Bathroom has a tub and separate shower, quite spacious. Swimming pool is on ground floor outside the lobby area - so convenient. Another pool is by the beach next to the restaurant. Hotel is located in-between Hoi An and Da Nang, easy to get Grab - just use the app. Love walking around the area under the trees - so cooling. Beach sand is soft, view is nice for sunrise. For more luxurious stay, try the villa. Easy to get to Hue (2.5 hours away), Da Nang (about 30 mins away) , Ba Na Hills and Hoi An (about 25 mins away) from here.
Dear valued guest, Thank you for your recent stay at Naman Retreat and providing us with your valuable feedback. We are happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay with us. Your comments on the service provided by our staff are most gratifying and will be shared with the whole team. It was certainly a pleasure for us to be at your service and we all look forward to welcoming you again soon to Naman Retreat Warm regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Nataliia L wrote a review Feb 2024
2 contributions
Great hotel by the beach with exceptional service
I had a fantastic experience at Nama Retreat; Min, our host, offered outstanding assistance and recommendations throughout our stay in Da Nang. The breakfast options were excellent, catering to all preferences. Thanks to Min, securing daily massages was a breeze as she consistently booked them for us. Highly recommend for an enjoyable and stress-free stay!
Responded 5 weeks ago
Dear Sir/Madam, On behalf of Naman Team, thank you for choosing our Naman Retreat on this vacation and thank you for your kind words. We are pleased to know everything came up positively and that you will keep good memories of your holiday. We appreciate your positive feedback to our Ambassador Min. I am delighted to share this comment to the team to enhance our service better. We look forward to welcoming you back for another great stay and do not hesitate to contact our team at reservations@namanretreat.com to receive the details of more special promotion for loyalty guests. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$137 - $178 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
133
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
NAMAN RETREAT $163 ($̶5̶2̶1̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about Naman Retreat
Which popular attractions are close to Naman Retreat?
Nearby attractions include Non Nuoc Beach (3.0 miles), The Marble Mountains (2.7 miles), and Hoa Nghiem Cave (2.6 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Naman Retreat?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Naman Retreat?
Top room amenities include a minibar, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Naman Retreat?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at Naman Retreat?
Yes, free parking, a parking garage, and secured parking are available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to Naman Retreat?
Conveniently located restaurants include Table 88, La Plage, and The Grill Restaurant.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Naman Retreat?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a fitness center, and a sauna during their stay.
Does Naman Retreat have airport transportation?
Yes, Naman Retreat offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at Naman Retreat?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Does Naman Retreat offer any business services?
Yes, it conveniently offers a business center, meeting rooms, and a banquet room.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at Naman Retreat?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(4,520)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 1 more
7.3
mi
47.1
19
min
18
3.4
3
2.7
2.6
4
3,151
431
114
42
41
All languages
(3,779)
English
(2,308)
Korean
(1,070)
Japanese
(235)
Emma Jayne
Birmingham, United Kingdom
17 contributions
17
If you like the nicer hotels in life, do not book here. DO NOT be fooled by the nice photographs online. If you do want to take a chance (which is likely as you’ll skim over this review believing this hotel is 5 star/5 bubbles and ignore the few poor ratings like we did) then be very careful with choosing your room type. There appears to be two types of accommodation - the main building where reception is located; a miserable concrete block of flats and then villas throughout the rest of the grounds which are obviously newer additions. We were in a ‘sunlit suite with sea view’ and whilst the room was spacious, it lacked any sort of style and was extremely basic. The view, albeit as promised, resembled a graveyard of some kind and was not the lush green manicured grounds you’d
Date of stay:
transparency report
Dan-T-1987
Lutterworth, United Kingdom
37 contributions
37
Stayed here after looking at all the amazing pictures online, and a good amount of positive reviews. Retrospectively looked at the pictures again, and realised these are almost all beachfront villas….so unless this is what room you are booking, tread carefully, as the room I was given was nothing like any of the pictures. The beach side pool was probably the best thing about the hotel…the food was terrible, the main building room I stayed in was not 5* at all. The rooms were very basic, and for some reason contained a fake kitchen with no actual kitchen amenities. The bathroom was dark and based on not being able to put toilet paper down the toilet (which is fine of course if you are aware), I’m guessing the water filtration would not suit teeth brushing. Overall, I would not
Paradise36443
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by limousine from the hotel was perfect, The welcome at the reception was warm, friendly smiling Mrs Min from guest relations, she was our personal ambassador. She handles her job perfectly, knows how to relate to guests and was always available to us outside of office hours via what's up. The resort is beautifully maintained, clean, the work of the gardeners is evident at every turn Even after all these years we are still amazed by the size of the Hay Hay restaurant, all made of bamboo poles, spacious , airy, The breakfast buffet offers a wide selection of Western and
가영 박
1
h88na
Bushey, United Kingdom
70 contributions
70
My family and I stayed in one of the beachfront villas as we wanted the seaview. Everything was perfect. The villas are clean, modern and spacious. We even had our own pool. Breakfast was superb..a must is the homemade granola. The salad, cheeses, breads etc.was superb too. The Mexican restaurant is a must while here. Especially if you love margaritas and tacos. Our favourite was the ceviche. We also enjoyed the beach bbq. Free flow drinks and superb selection of foods. Plus the singers were really good. There is also a hotel shuttle a few times a day to either DaNang or HoiAn. The hotel is situated in the middle of both towns. The staff at Naman are so friendly and go above and beyond for you. We were looked after by Candy, who messaged us daily to see if we were
Channie
Da Nang, Vietnam
4 contributions
Jane L
Singapore
Alex
Braila, Romania
2
MAriffin
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
11 contributions
11
Nataliia L
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
