Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Canada Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Canada Cruises - Cruises to Canada
Canada
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Canada Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Canada cruise deals
7 Night Cruise to Canada & New England
Ship: Enchanted Princess | Suite
Sailing Date: 9/21/2024
Departs: New York (Manhattan)
$3,398
$1,248pp
View Cruise
Ship: Norwegian Getaway | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 10/5/2025
$1,699
$929pp
Ship: Norwegian Gem | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 8/29/2025
Departs: Boston
$1,789
$979pp
10 Night Cruise to Canada & New England
Ship: Norwegian Sky | Balcony
Sailing Date: 10/9/2024
Departs: Quebec City
$5,299
$2,939pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Caribbean
Bahamas
Hawaii
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Africa
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Canada?
Rich in maritime history, hockey culture, seafood selections and stunning fall foliage, Canada's coastal provinces are worth a visit, particularly for travelers who aren't sure where to begin touring, given the country's massive size.
The best way to see several Canadian highlights in one trip is on a cruise, where you unpack once, your accommodations travel with you and dinner awaits at the end of a fun day in port.
You'll typically see a sailing to Canada billed as a Canada/New England cruise, as most voyages include a mix of ports from both regions.
What are Popular Activities in Canada?
There's lots to see on a Canada cruise, and options abound. In Halifax, you might hop on a bus tour that touches on the port's maritime ties and hits several highlights, such as Citadel Hill and Fairlawn Cemetery, where more than 100 Titanic victims are buried.
In Charlottetown, you won't want to miss a visit to the "Anne of Green Gables" house, and if you're in Montreal at night, the Notre Dame Basilica's AURA light show is an absolute must.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Canada?
Although Canada sailings are generally offered from May through October, autumn is the best time to go. Temperatures are cooler, and if you time it right, you can take in the breathtaking fall foliage with its fiery red, orange and yellow hues.
What are Popular Ports in Canada?
The most popular ports include Halifax, Saint John, Quebec City, Prince Edward Island's Charlottetown and Sydney. A handful of American ports -- such as Bar Harbor and Portland, Maine -- are also offered on some Canada itineraries.
Canadian ports along the west coast can also be found on Alaska itineraries, whether it's Dawson or Whitehorse in the Yukon Territory or Vancouver and Victoria in British Columbia. The Canadian Rockies, including Banff National Park, make an excellent pre- or post-Alaska cruise tour on the Rocky Mountaineer train line.
Where do Canada cruises depart from?
Most Canada cruises actually begin and end in the United States, often sailing roundtrip from Boston. Other departure ports for Canada itineraries include Baltimore, New York, Bayonne and Fort Lauderdale's Port Everglades in the U.S., as well as Montreal and Quebec City in Canada.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Canada?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Canada. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Canada. Last minute cruises deals to Canada appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Canada in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
