Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best All-Inclusive Resorts
All-Inclusive Resorts
Gourmet eats, private pools, luxury spas—these value-for-money resorts have it all.
Find your next getaway
Excellence Punta Cana
21,979
Uvero Alto, Caribbean
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
Hotel Xcaret Mexico
12,654
Mexico
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
13,194
Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort
19,875
Honolulu, United States
Dreams Riviera Cancun Resort & Spa
12,104
Excellence Playa Mujeres
26,481
Playa Mujeres, Mexico
Paradisus Cancun
19,416
Moon Palace The Grand - Cancún
12,925
Things to know about All-Inclusive Resorts
What is an all inclusive resort?
What is included in an all inclusive resort?
Where is the best place for an all inclusive resort?
How much to tip at all inclusive resort?
What countries have all inclusive resorts?
Sponsored Story
From Tripadvisor
10 rules for staying at all-inclusives and avoiding resort pitfalls
There are plenty of all-inclusive horror stories. But these days, more resorts than ever are offering the chance to truly indulge yourself while saving your dignity (and foregoing the conga lines).
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's all-inclusive resorts
Popular Islands
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Read more
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico offers the perfect balance of rum-soaked nightlife and tranquil retreat. The Spanish colonial buildings of San Juan set a perfect backdrop for a day of shopping and sightseeing. Hike the massive El Yunque rainforest to see waterfalls, stone towers, and colorful Puerto Rican wildlife. As far as beaches go, it doesn’t get better than the private sands of Isla de Vieques – particularly Mosquito Bay, where by moonlight the water glows blue-green thanks to magical microorganisms.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
St. Thomas
Like all of the U.S. Virgin Islands, St. Thomas has plenty of opportunities to lounge on the beach, splash in the sea, or amp it up with watersports. It also boasts a bountiful duty-free shopping scene – just be prepared to brave the cruise ship crowds. Charlotte Amalie swells with Danish colonial architecture and pirate legend. Shiver ye timbers at Blackbeard’s Castle, then work up an appetite by climbing the historic 99 Steps, constructed from the ballast bricks of 18th century Danish ships.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Grand Cayman
The farther you go from Grand Cayman's busy docks, the more peace and quiet you'll find. At Stingray City (actually a sandbar), stingrays swim alongside you in the tranquil waters. Closer to town, travelers report finding some of the best massage and spa services anywhere in the Caribbean.
Antigua
Antigua has hundreds of beaches, from the bustling Pigeon Point to the kitesurfing paradise of Jabberwock Beach. It's fun to mix it up—a day spent in a secluded cove, another spent people-watching at a tourist magnet. When you’re tired of sun and sand you can shoot ‘em up at Reservoir Range, where archery and air pistols are a fun way to work out any lingering pre-vacation stress. A tour of the Antigua Distillery is a spirited way to experience a true taste of the island.
Barbados
Romance and adventure are in the air on this lush West Indian island in the Caribbean, depending on your coast. To the west, you'll find calm waters and good swimming. To the east, there are massive, competition-caliber waves. Wherever you stay, expect turquoise waters, fine soft sand beaches, catamaran cruises and delicious island fare.
Cayman Islands
The Cayman Islands are made up of three islands: Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman. The largest, Grand Cayman has a cosmopolitan vibe, gourmet restaurants, world-class diving and the famous Seven Mile Beach. Cayman Brac is a nature lover's heaven of stunning diving and breathtaking walks along the rocky bluff. The smallest island, Little Cayman is home to just 150 people. Visitors enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and diving, especially Bloody Bay Wall, considered one of the world's best wall dives.
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Cuba
U.S. citizens still need to jump through a few hoops to visit Cuba, but as visitors from around the world know, this island offers some amazing opportunities for cultural exchange. Havana is a mix of old-world architecture and of-the-moment culture. Head out of the capital city to the small town of Trinidad to see more Spanish colonial architecture. It’s a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fantastic home base for a visit to the Valley of the Sugar Mills, a pocket of land that formerly served as the center of Cuba’s sugar industry.
Curaçao
Serious divers have long flocked to Curacao. Whether you’re looking for a challenging wall dive or a shallow snorkeling spot, you’ll find it here. Beaches, of course, are another big draw. With sugar-fine sand and calm waters, they’re perfect for kids. And make sure to explore Willemstad, Curacao’s capital city. Its charming pastel buildings and equally colorful history earned it recognition as a UNESCO World Heritage City.
Cozumel
One of the top diving destinations in the world for its bright storybook coral reefs, the island of Cozumel is also home to a variety of natural beaches. Choose a beach with soft white sand for relaxing, or snorkel off a rockier vista. A destination for both adventure and romance, Cozumel has a year-round Caribbean climate, untrammeled jungle and abundant nightlife.
Popular States
Hawaii
From volcanic landscapes to hidden waterfalls… active adventures to an energetic nightlife… a holiday on the Hawaiian Islands offers infinite experiences in one destination. Each of the six major islands – Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Maui, and the island of Hawaii – has its own distinct personality, but no matter which ones you choose, you’ll discover endless opportunities for adventure, dining, culture and relaxation.
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
Texas
Texas has great beaches for bird watching, boating, and fishing. Plus golf courses, cowboy and high art culture, and a rich history. Bask on the beach and bird watch between golf games before, during, or after spring break in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Crystal Beach, or South Padre Island. Explore East Texas from Dallas to Tyler, Texarkana, Jefferson, and Nacogdoches. Enjoy golf and big city life in Dallas or Houston. Visit Galveston's coastal Strand. Tour West Texas and Hill Country from San Antonio, New Braunfels, Austin, and Fredericksburg to Amarillo and El Paso.
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
South Carolina has some great beaches along its eastern coast. Among the most notable of these is Myrtle Beach, the hub of the grand strand and the largest resort on the east coast of South Carolina. This silky stretch of white sand is great for water-sports such as sailing and surfing. South Carolina is also regarded as one of the top golfing destinations in America. South Carolina has some notable historic towns which are worth visiting such as Charleston.
Montana
No matter where you look in Montana, you’ll find unspoiled nature, charming small towns and relaxing hospitality. Explore Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks, then hit the road to discover more natural wonders. You can hike, bike or horseback ride through rugged mountain landscapes, fly-fish blue ribbon trout streams, paddle scenic rivers and lakes, or spend winter days carving fresh powder at ski resorts — then end your day wandering a vibrant main street or relaxing in a cozy lodge.
Wisconsin
When you think “adventure travel” you probably think of far-flung places like Belize and Alaska—not Wisconsin. But if you’re an outdoor adventurer, you’ll find plenty of places to explore in Wisconsin. A vacation in Wisconsin can put you close to the Kettle Moraine State Forest, which has excellent biking trails. Or choose Wisconsin’s Apostle Islands—kayakers will love exploring Lake Superior’s many caves and shipwrecks.
State of Rio de Janeiro
Oaxaca
Georgia
While Atlanta is the anchor and capital of Georgia, you can aim in any direction to find distinctly different regions – from the tail of the Appalachians in the North to the rolling Piedmont hills and on down to the seaside marshes in the East. Atlanta lays claim to the state’s number one attraction – Stone Mountain State Park. They say it best - “Serious fun. Endless adventure.” Just 15 minutes from downtown, the world’s largest exposed granite dome is surrounded by 3,200 acres of natural beauty and stimulating activities for every member of the family – sky rides and hiking paths, laser shows and pedal boats along Stone Mountain Lake. Golfers tee it up, while red foxes dash across the fairways in a state where the Masters Golf Tournament creates revered green-jacket memories every year. It’s a long downhill ride down to historic Savannah, a ‘stone’s throw’ from the Atlantic and a virtual step back in time to Southern architecture and stately squares. St. Simon’s and Jekyll Islands offer barrier island beauty and a wonderful combination of outdoor activities, historic sites and artistic culture. Originally the private winter playground of wealthy northeasterners, Jekyll Island stretches along 10 miles of coastal beaches and inland marshes. Cycling and walking paths wind under moss-laden oaks, and a tour of Millionaire Village takes you back to those Cornelius Vanderbilt and J.P. Morgan days. The kid-friendly Summer Waves Water Park adds man-made fun to natural water sport activities. Coastal golf courses and sophisticated St. Simon’s Island appeal to moms, dads and vacationing couples.
Baja California Sur
Santo Domingo Province
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Vermont
Whether you’re exploring Vermont’s covered bridges, visiting Quechee Gorge or skiing at Killington, you’ll find Vermont to be picture-perfect. If you’re the outdoorsy type, you’ll love Vermont. In winter, of course, there’s plenty of skiing and snowboarding. In the warmer months, however, Vermont offers plenty of opportunities for hiking, biking, fishing and boating. If you enjoy boating, swimming and fishing, a vacation rental on Lake Champlain might be perfect for you.
Maine
Maine has several unique regions, each with its own distinctive culture and activities. With miles of coastline, thousands of lakes, endless rivers and deep forests, visitors can find their perfect vacation spot, whether it's on a sandy beach, at a family campground or walking along Main Street in a bustling city or town. Maine is also known for abundant outdoor recreation opportunities in all four seasons, from swimming and boating in the warmer months to excellent skiing in the winter.
Province of Guanacaste
Popular Cities
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Cabo San Lucas
As a well-known destination for both spring breakers and A-list travelers in need of a getaway, Cabo San Lucas has definite vacation cred. The beaches here range in temperament, from the serene waters of the Sea of Cortez and Playa del Amor to the kickin’ waves of Zippers, a surfing paradise. If you care to romp with locals, head to the coves and rock formations of the Cannery beaches. Kids will have a blast communing with the local animals by swimming with dolphins or taking a camel ride through the Desert Park Natural Reserve.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
Puerto Vallarta
Strolling, shopping, and sipping tequila along the Malecon boardwalk of Puerto Vallarta is the best way to kick off your vacation. Then hit the cobblestone streets of Old Vallarta to browse the flea market for handmade crafts. The calm, warm waters of the Bay of Banderas make for excellent diving, or you can just watch artists sculpt spectacular creations in the sand. The cluster of fine art galleries in El Centro are perfect spots to hit on a self-guided art tour.
Playa del Carmen
Playa del Carmen is one of the top diving destinations in the world, thanks to vibrant sea life and dazzling underwater caverns. On dry land, Playa is a hipper and more modern version of the fishing village it once was. Spend some quality time on the golf course or wave hello to the playful spider monkeys at The Jungle Place sanctuary. Explore the ancient ruins of the Coba Mayan Village, or get in some quality people-watching as you shop and stroll along 5th Avenue.
Montego Bay
While this Jamaican spring break favorite is great for party animals, it can also be surprisingly low key – if you want. Montego Bay has excellent duty-free shopping, vibrant nightlife, and calm waters. Browse the local handicrafts at the open-air Harbour Street market, or the "hip strip" shops of Gloucester Avenue. The underwater crevices of Widowmaker’s Cave offer an intricate diving experience. Float serenely down the Martha Brae River on a bamboo raft and let your troubles melt away under the sun.
Nassau
Nassau teems with Bahamian and British flavor. The capital city of the Bahamas boasts miles of spectacular beaches and stretches of vivid coral reefs perfect for snorkeling. Shop, dine, and sightsee, particularly along busy Bay Street, or if you're a James Bond fan, visit the British Colonial Hotel, which was used as a filming location for two of the Sean Connery-era movies. Visit during the famed Junkanoo Festival to experience a high-energy parade of spectacularly costumed dancers.
St. John's
In St. John's, the capital city of Antigua, farmers markets, candy- colored architecture and the ruins of sugar plantations vie for attention with a kaleidoscope of coral reefs and sailing adventures. Salute the white baroque towers of St. John's Cathedral that dominate the skyline before joining the flocks of cruise passengers on a Heritage Quay shopping excursion. To experience the island's early cultures, visit the Museum of Antigua and Barbuda, housed in a 1750s colonial courthouse.
Orlando
From the Magic Kingdom to magical spa treatments, Orlando sparkles with the promise of adventure. Spend a day exploring the world-famous Disney theme parks or screaming your head off on a Universal Studios roller coaster. For a less adrenaline-pumping afternoon, enjoy the quiet natural beauty of the Harry P. Leu Gardens or enjoy a seaweed scrub at a luxury day spa. Savor fresh and local ingredients at one of Orlando’s James Beard-nominated restaurants.
Negril
The resort town of Negril has some of the most beautiful coastline in the world. Seven Mile Beach is an inviting stretch of golden sand, perfect for sunbathing or taking a dip in the warm Caribbean Sea. Jump into the Blue Hole Mineral Spring for a rewarding adrenaline rush, then take in a kaleidoscopic sunset from the comfort of a beachfront bar.
Mazatlan
It's a historic capital. It's a beach resort. It's a lively, romantic town. Whatever you look for in a Mexican vacation is on the menu in Mazatlan. Returning travelers rave about the welcoming Mazatlecos, who treat you like old amigos, as well as the beaches, the food, the weather, the music and the feeling of never wanting to leave.
Puerto Plata
Well-priced, all-inclusive beach resorts are the norm around Puerto Plata. Take a cable car to the peak of Mount Isabel de Torres, enjoy a concert at an amphitheater facing the Atlantic Ocean, visit the 16th-century San Felipe Fortress. Explore the nearby falls of Damajagua, snorkel off the beautiful island of Cayo Arena or play a round of golf in spectacular surroundings. Then discover the neighboring towns of Cabarete, a kite-boarding hub, and Sosúa, a picturesque beach spot.
Ocho Rios
You're on island time the moment you set foot in Jamaica. Ocho Rios, a port of call for many cruise lines, also boasts some of the most luxe resorts and spas in the Caribbean. And once you've had your stresses melted away in the island sun, you can head out for a night of dancing and reggae music.
Antalya
Antalya is the fastest-growing city in Turkey, and tourists from around the world are discovering its fabulous mix of great beaches and traditional Turkish culture. Kids will love the Beach Park, which features Aqua Land (a waterslide-fanatic's dream) and Dolphin Land (home to dolphins, sea lions and white whales). Make sure to explore the old town center and to see Hadrian's Gate.
Varadero
The powdery sands of Varadero are as seductive as the soft lapping of the Kawama Channel waves. Famed gangster Al Capone used to frequent the shoreline resorts, and the city still maintains that glamorous luster that’s been historically appealing to high rollers. Mansions-turned-museums are favorite destinations for curious Cuban history buffs. Nature lovers can embark upon a day of adventure, exploring the area’s caves, keys, and virgin forests.
Fort Lauderdale
Fort Lauderdale’s canals and charm have earned it the nickname “The Venice of America.” The beaches offer 23 miles of golden sand, lively with the spirited antics of happy vacationers. Sail the blue-green waters on a chartered catamaran, or dive beneath the surface to meet-and-greet the local sea life. Shopping and dining al fresco on Las Olas Boulevard is one of Fort Lauderdale’s greatest pleasures, thanks to adorable shops and prime people-watching.
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Akumal
Akumal means "Place of the Turtle" in the Mayan language, and if you snorkel here, you just might see one swimming alongside you. (Don’t touch it, though. That’s prohibited by law.) You’ll definitely see coral and beautiful fish in the clear, sparkling waters. This tourist-friendly little town is about an hour south of Cancun—but it seems light-years away.
Punta de Mita
Yearning for the laidback feel of a rural fishing village with white sand beaches, combined with the luxuries and mild year-round weather of the Mexican Riviera? Punta Mita has all this plus championship golf, diving, sport fishing, surfing, sailing, sea kayaking, whale watching, mountain biking, hiking, horseback riding, Jeep tours, and rainforest excursions. Walk into town for beachfront restaurant dining and Pacific Ocean sunsets. Kids can safely swim at Playa El Anclote, where the rock jetties calm the shallow waters near restaurant row. Surf El Anclote’s long slow waves. Or seek out those special surfing spots along the coast, like near Punta Sayulita. Enjoy kayaking. Take the family sailing. Tee off overlooking the breezy blue waters of the Pacific Ocean at the Jack Nicklaus-designed Pacifico Course, rated among the best in Latin America. Pacifico is renowned for its optional 19th hole, the “Tail of the Whale,” a 199-yard par-three where you tee off over the Pacific Ocean onto a large island green. The Bahia, another Nicklaus-designed championship course, has six ocean holes, and is lined by beach sands and gated resort properties controlling course access. The Bahia Banderas (Bay of Banderas) and north towards Sayulita is great for fishing and diving volcanic tunnels, or just watching whales, dolphins, turtles, and ocean birds. Snorkel color-splashed shallow reefs. Spend a day on a ponga, a motorized open-bow fishing boat in search of mahi-mahi (dorado), pugnacious pargo (big cubera snapper), Pacific sailfish, fighting roosterfish, yellowfin tuna, and bonita. From Islas Marietas and El Morro to La Corbetena and El Banco, the diving opportunities are numerous.
Popular Countries
Caribbean
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Belize
According to famed diver Jacques Cousteau, the Great Blue Hole of Belize is one of the most spectacular dive sites on earth. The crystal-clear sapphire waters are home to colorful tropical fish and several species of reef sharks – ideal for brave divers who love to get up close and personal with sea life. On dry ground, diverse rainforests, mangrove swamps, and Mayan ruins are perfect for exploration. The beaches of Belize are sunny and tranquil spots for a day of relaxation.
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Panama
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Fiji
From the traditional Bobo massages to the therapeutic rays of South Pacific sun, the islands of Fiji offer visitors the ultimate in relaxation. Take a fragrant stroll through the botanical gardens of Nadi before settling in on the beach to watch the sun slip down for the night. Nap in the shade of a Savusavu palm tree, or float in the lagoons of Viti Levu. The waterfalls and lush rainforest of Taveuni Island are peaceful places to commune with nature at your own pace.
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Canada
World class skiing, decadent European style cuisine, ornamental cathedrals, peaceful island life…Canada is a patchwork of thriving cities and majestic wilderness. Montreal beckons travelers with its French charm and booming cultural landscape. In Toronto, the Art Gallery of Ontario is a vision of Frank Gehry architecture and national artistic treasures. The gleaming mountain ranges of Banff set a stunning backdrop for an exploration of the Canadian Rockies.
Portugal
Portugal’s Mediterranean charm is most prominent on the golden beaches of the Algarve; in the wilderness of the Azores islands; among the vineyards of Douro Valley; and on the cobbled streets of Lisbon and Porto, where old-world culture meets cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
Philippines
With more than 7,000 islands consisting of rice paddies, volcanos, mega-metropolises, world-class surf spots, and endemic wildlife, the Philippines is one of the most dazzling and diverse countries in all of Asia. Not to mention, it’s home to some of the world’s best beaches, too.
Türkiye
Risen from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, Türkiye is a land of cities and countryside, of ancient ruins and contemporary culture. Splash around the mud baths of Dalyan or scramble around the volcanic rock of Goreme. Visiting gorgeous Istanbul, of course, is a no-brainer. Whatever you do, don’t ever, ever skip coffee and desserts: enjoying flowery Turkish Delight and achingly flaky baklava is like a vacation for your taste buds.
Spain
From sun-drenched archipelagos and bustling urban cities to snowcapped mountains and semi-arid deserts, Spain epitomizes geographical diversity. As the meeting point of the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, this vast country offers some of Europe’s most dramatic landscapes, as well as some of its tastiest cuisine.
Colombia
El Salvador
Japan
In the Land of the Rising Sun, ancient temples sit alongside neon wonderlands and shinto shrines offer pockets of peace amid metropolises. Add tea ceremonies, snow monkeys, sushi, kimonos, and karaoke to the mix, and you’ve got one of the world’s most fascinating countries.
Brazil
The wealth of flora and fauna and opportunities to observe them are unparalleled in the Amazon. Riverboats ply the waters of this fascinating wilderness, home to pink river dolphins, clamorous howler monkeys and raucous toucans. Photograph your adventure, run the rapids or stalk elusive jaguars by night.
Vietnam
The jungles and monsoon forests of Vietnam are diverse ecosystems that are alive with unique wildlife. Trekking is a popular activity here, particularly the mountains of Sapa and the primeval landscape of Cuc Phuong National Park. For a more urban escape, take a guided food tour of Ho Chi Minh City, making sure to squeeze in visits to the historic Hoi Truong Thong Nhat palace and the intricately adorned Emperor Jade Pagoda.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
North America
Africa
South America
Central America
Asia
South Pacific
Middle East
Find All-Inclusive Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
Oahu All-Inclusive Resorts
Hilton Head All-Inclusive Resorts
Key Largo All-Inclusive Resorts
Island of Hawaii All-Inclusive Resorts
Banff All-Inclusive Resorts
Wisconsin Dells All-Inclusive Resorts
Naples All-Inclusive Resorts
Austin All-Inclusive Resorts
British Columbia All-Inclusive Resorts
Sarasota All-Inclusive Resorts
Croatia All-Inclusive Resorts
Majorca All-Inclusive Resorts
Ibiza All-Inclusive Resorts
Canary Islands All-Inclusive Resorts
Tenerife All-Inclusive Resorts
Crete All-Inclusive Resorts
Sardinia All-Inclusive Resorts
France All-Inclusive Resorts
Switzerland All-Inclusive Resorts
Cyprus All-Inclusive Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
St. Croix All-Inclusive Resorts
Grenada All-Inclusive Resorts
British Virgin Islands All-Inclusive Resorts
Trinidad and Tobago All-Inclusive Resorts
Bimini All-Inclusive Resorts
Great Exuma All-Inclusive Resorts
St Martin / St Maarten All-Inclusive Resorts
Ixtapa All-Inclusive Resorts
Martinique All-Inclusive Resorts
San Jose del Cabo All-Inclusive Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Phuket All-Inclusive Resorts
Tahiti All-Inclusive Resorts
Sri Lanka All-Inclusive Resorts
Australia All-Inclusive Resorts
India All-Inclusive Resorts
Malaysia All-Inclusive Resorts
Cook Islands All-Inclusive Resorts
Indonesia All-Inclusive Resorts
French Polynesia All-Inclusive Resorts
Boracay All-Inclusive Resorts
Africa & Middle East
Zanzibar Island All-Inclusive Resorts
Morocco All-Inclusive Resorts
Seychelles All-Inclusive Resorts
Mauritius All-Inclusive Resorts
United Arab Emirates All-Inclusive Resorts
Egypt All-Inclusive Resorts
Tanzania All-Inclusive Resorts
Kenya All-Inclusive Resorts
Tunisia All-Inclusive Resorts
Cape Verde All-Inclusive Resorts
Central/South America
Roatan All-Inclusive Resorts
Honduras All-Inclusive Resorts
Ambergris Caye All-Inclusive Resorts
San Pedro All-Inclusive Resorts
State of Sao Paulo All-Inclusive Resorts
Bocas del Toro Province All-Inclusive Resorts
State of Bahia All-Inclusive Resorts
Placencia All-Inclusive Resorts
Santa Marta All-Inclusive Resorts
Lima All-Inclusive Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Tripadvisor
