Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
2023
451. Lantana Riverside Hoi An Hotel.
1,690 reviews
52 Huyen Tran Cong Chua, Hoi An, Vietnam
16.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#451 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had a wonderful time at Lantana Riverside Hotel. Beautiful quiet location on the river, walking distance to centre of HoiAn. Lisa, Rosie and all the team just so friendly and helpful, we were sad to leave and…”
452. Hoi An Memories Resort & Spa
180 reviews
200 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Con Hen, Cam Nam Ward, Hoi An 51312, Vietnam
#452 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“the room and bed were comfortable with a beautiful view of the river. staff have good service mind and we have a pleasant time staying. nice view at the pool. we were going to sit at the bar at sunset…”
Visit hotel website
453. Shining Riverside Hoi An Boutique & Spa
198 reviews
191 Tran Nhan Tong, Cam Chau, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#453 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had a great stay at Shining Resort. What I liked most was peace and QUIET!. The hotel is bicycle distance from two very nice beaches and walking or bicycle from the ancient town. The food is very good...”
454. TRIPLE Riverside Villa Hotel Hoi an
589 reviews
54 Duong Huyen Tran Cong Chua | Cam Chau, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
16.1 miles from Lady Buddha
#454 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed here for 30 nights and it was a wonderful experience. The staff are amazing and will do everything they can to help make your stay the best it can be. We stayed in a room with balcony with river view and...”
455. Odyssey Hoi An Hotel
690 reviews
Xuyen Trung Area, Cam Nam Ward | Hoi An city, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#455 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great Hotel with really good amenities and a fantastic breakfast that was included. Very friendly and helpful staff who will arrnage tours, grabs and taxi's and nice location just out of the old Town but an easy...”
Top Rated
Monarque Hotel
3,035 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
456. Bonsai Villa Hoi An
220 reviews
Tran Trung Tri, Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#456 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent location. Owner Autumn is very helpful. Rooms cleaned everyday and excellent value for money . Home cooked breakfast , at request. Lovely bonsai garden with swimming pool and maintained regularly . Staff...”
457. Hoi An Riverside Villas & Apartments
269 reviews
251 Tran Nhan Tong | Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
16.2 miles from Lady Buddha
#457 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Fabulous luxurious hotel. Beautiful rooms with top quality linens and beds and the most beautiful silk robes. Staff are extremely helpful. Breakfast included was a big delicious spread. Best hotel ever. There is…”
458. Gem Riverside Hotel Hoi An
477 reviews
14 Luong Nhu Bich Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#458 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staffs are friendly, and good service. Good location, walking distance to ancient old town and we can use the hotel’s bicycle ride within hoi an. But the breakfast is a simple breakfast Not tasty The room is...”
459. Hoi An Eco Lodge & Spa
831 reviews
DX20 | Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
16.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#459 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…”
460. Pearl River Hoian Hotel & Spa
441 reviews
12-14 Huyen Tran Cong Chua St. | Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 56000, Vietnam
#460 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely room on the second floor with balcony overlooking the river. Very good shower, large, comfortable bed & pillows. The staff truly could not do enough for us. Fantastic breakfasts and they also arranged for…”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
461. Senvila Boutique Hoi An Resort & Spa
603 reviews
Tran Nhan Tong Street | Thanh Nhi Village, Cam Thanh Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#461 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…”
462. Hoi An Field Boutique Resort & Spa
129 reviews
368 Tran Nhan Tong | Thanh Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#462 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our rooms have been comfortable very clean. Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…”
463. Acacia Heritage Hotel
858 reviews
54 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Cam Nam, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#463 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed here in Hoi An , it's on Cam Nam island. After traveling from Hanoi and not staying in the best hotel there it was a welcome relief to end up here. The room was clean and the bed was the most comfortable we...”
464. Zest Resort & Spa Hoi An
386 reviews
Group 4, Thanh Nhut Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
16.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#464 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This is a slice of paradise , simply one of the best places I have stayed and it is incredible value. The rooms are authentically decorated arranged around a little lake, with a beautiful pool. We were looked…”
465. Hoi An Silk River Villa
65 reviews
73 Luong Nhu Bich | Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#465 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wow! What an amazing place. The staff is fantastic. The breakfast is really good as well. And there is a nice little pool to take a dip when you get too hot. The rooms are very comfortable and are some of the best...”
466. Hanh Nhung Villa
27 reviews
179 Tran Nhan Tong | Cam Chau, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#466 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel is modern, clean and quietly located between the beach and the Old Town. It is just a few minute walk from many great restaurants and the wide variety of shopping, including tailors, that Hoi An is…”
467. Hoi An Grace River Villa
29 reviews
T_ 9, Kh_i Xuyen Trung Phu_ng C_m Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#467 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“My third stay with these ladies and always get 10 star treatment. Beautiful clean rooms. Breakfast is always outstanding. The girls go out of their way to make your stay perfect. I will always stay with them each...”
468. Hoianoi Villa
56 reviews
280 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Cam Nam Ward, Hoi An, Vietnam
16.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#468 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“One of the best places I’ve stayed in Hoi An. The villa is beautifully designed, in a quiet area, the hosts are so nice and accommodating to our large group. They also recommended an excellent tailor and leather...”
469. Hero Boutique Villa Hoi An
35 reviews
188 Tran Nhan Tong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#469 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Toung and Mai are the most amazing hosts, they gave us so much information and even showed us around some of the best local places. The hotel is absolutely beautiful with a lovely view of the sunrise over Hoi An...”
470. Pink Tulip Hoi An
37 reviews
234/3 Tran Nhan Tong Street, Cam Thanh Commune | Hamlet 4, Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#470 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I couldn't have chosen a better place to spend a week in Hoi An. This homestay has 5* amenities. I chose a double with balcony (201), which is large, well appointed with quality furniture. The decoration is sober...”
471. Green Island Hoian Villa
48 reviews
256 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#471 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely villa in Hoian and only a short walk or car ride to old town. The hosts are very friendly and helpful, they made our stay very easy and enjoyable. Clean, big spacious rooms with a nice outlook over the pool...”
472. Roxana River Villa
25 reviews
60 Huyen Tran Cong Chua | Cam Chau, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#472 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A wonderful boutique hotel in close walking distance of all the sights in Hoi An, with brilliant friendly staff who made our stay all the more enjoyable. The hotel itself is very clean, well managed, and the beds...”
473. Green Boutique Villa
143 reviews
Thanh Nhat Hamlet | Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An, Quang Nam, Hoi An, Vietnam
#473 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beautiful surrounds, large modern rooms which were cleaned everyday. Beautiful pool and gardens. We stayed for 5 nights and had the place to ourselves. Only a couple of dollars in a taxi to the old Hoi An Town...”
474. The Muse House Hoi An
13 reviews
125 Nguy_n Tri Phuong, Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#474 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A wonderful stay! Pi and the family were so lovely, always a smile waiting for you and happy to help with anything. Pi recommended the Bay Mau Eco Cooking Class which had a morning market tour to buy the produce…”
475. Nghe Prana Villa & Spa Hoi An
173 reviews
Alley 384 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Block Ha Trung, Cam Nam Ward, Hoi An 51312, Vietnam
#475 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff were fantastic start to finish. So helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. Lovely environment. Beautiful views. Good spa. Nice food. Nice patio and small pool. Great breakfast with room. Bikes provided. Easy...”
476. Hoi An Luna Villa
Hamlet 4, Hoi An 510000, Vietnam
#476 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“These people were perfect! Lots of help, with Internet, and driving and rides and money. They helped us immensely was wonderful. Wonderful good price to stay they help me and things see you next time I will come...”
477. Serene Nature Hotel & Spa
16 reviews
510 Tr_n Nhan Tong, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#477 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Outstanding new boutique Hotel set next to Rice fields. Fantastic room layout with balcony and separate toilet n shower (awesome rain shower). Staff are beautiful.. Minh was calm n friendly manager who had a team…”
478. OYO 473 Suburban Villa
331/1, Nguyen Tri Phuong, Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#478 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The Suburban is the perfect place to stay in Hoi An. Not far from the centre of town but far away enough to be quiet and peaceful. The staff are helpful, the services excellent. The free bike was a nice extra, I...”
479. Green Hill Villa
20 reviews
347 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#479 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed at Green Hill Villa for nearly 2 weeks over Christmas and New Year. It was an exceptional experience. The room was beautifully furnished and sparkling with cleanliness. The bed was very comfortable with...”
480. Villa Hoa Su
Villa
67 reviews
Ward No 5, Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An 84510, Vietnam
#480 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...”
Previous
Next
1…1415161718…
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
52 Huyen Tran Cong Chua
Hoi An,
We had a wonderful time at Lantana Riverside Hotel. Beautiful quiet location on the river, walking distance to centre of HoiAn. Lisa, Rosie and all the team just so friendly and helpful, we were sad to leave and…
We had a wonderful time at Lantana Riverside
Hotel. Beautiful quiet location on the river, walking distance to centre of HoiAn. Lisa, Rosie and all the team just so friendly and helpful, we were sad to leave and…
200 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Con Hen, Cam Nam Ward
Hoi An 51312,
the room and bed were comfortable with a beautiful view of the river. staff have good service mind and we have a pleasant time staying. nice view at the pool. we were going to sit at the bar at sunset…
the room and bed were comfortable with a
beautiful view of the river. staff have good service mind and we have a pleasant time staying. nice view at the pool. we were going to sit at the bar at sunset…
191 Tran Nhan Tong, Cam Chau
Hoi An 560000,
We had a great stay at Shining Resort. What I liked most was peace and QUIET!. The hotel is bicycle distance from two very nice beaches and walking or bicycle from the ancient town. The food is very good...
We had a great stay at Shining Resort. What I
liked most was peace and QUIET!. The hotel is bicycle distance from two very nice beaches and walking or bicycle from the ancient town. The food is very good...
54 Duong Huyen Tran Cong Chua
Cam Chau
We stayed here for 30 nights and it was a wonderful experience. The staff are amazing and will do everything they can to help make your stay the best it can be. We stayed in a room with balcony with river view and...
We stayed here for 30 nights and it was a
wonderful experience. The staff are amazing and will do everything they can to help make your stay the best it can be. We stayed in a room with balcony with river view and...
Xuyen Trung Area, Cam Nam Ward
Hoi An city
Great Hotel with really good amenities and a fantastic breakfast that was included. Very friendly and helpful staff who will arrnage tours, grabs and taxi's and nice location just out of the old Town but an easy...
Great Hotel with really good amenities and a
fantastic breakfast that was included. Very friendly and helpful staff who will arrnage tours, grabs and taxi's and nice location just out of the old Town but an easy...
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Tran Trung Tri, Cam Nam
Excellent location. Owner Autumn is very helpful. Rooms cleaned everyday and excellent value for money . Home cooked breakfast , at request. Lovely bonsai garden with swimming pool and maintained regularly . Staff...
Excellent location. Owner Autumn is very helpful.
Rooms cleaned everyday and excellent value for money . Home cooked breakfast , at request. Lovely bonsai garden with swimming pool and maintained regularly . Staff...
251 Tran Nhan Tong
Cam Chau Ward
Fabulous luxurious hotel. Beautiful rooms with top quality linens and beds and the most beautiful silk robes. Staff are extremely helpful. Breakfast included was a big delicious spread. Best hotel ever. There is…
Fabulous luxurious hotel. Beautiful rooms with
top quality linens and beds and the most beautiful silk robes. Staff are extremely helpful. Breakfast included was a big delicious spread. Best hotel ever. There is…
14 Luong Nhu Bich Street
The staffs are friendly, and good service. Good location, walking distance to ancient old town and we can use the hotel’s bicycle ride within hoi an. But the breakfast is a simple breakfast Not tasty The room is...
The staffs are friendly, and good service. Good
location, walking distance to ancient old town and we can use the hotel’s bicycle ride within hoi an. But the breakfast is a simple breakfast Not tasty The room is...
DX20
Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh
Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…
Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want
to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…
12-14 Huyen Tran Cong Chua St.
Hoi An 56000,
Lovely room on the second floor with balcony overlooking the river. Very good shower, large, comfortable bed & pillows. The staff truly could not do enough for us. Fantastic breakfasts and they also arranged for…
Lovely room on the second floor with balcony
overlooking the river. Very good shower, large, comfortable bed & pillows. The staff truly could not do enough for us. Fantastic breakfasts and they also arranged for…
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
Tran Nhan Tong Street
Thanh Nhi Village, Cam Thanh Ward
2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…
2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are
very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…
368 Tran Nhan Tong
Thanh Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune
Our rooms have been comfortable very clean. Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…
Our rooms have been comfortable very clean.
Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…
54 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Cam Nam
Hoi An 51000,
Stayed here in Hoi An , it's on Cam Nam island. After traveling from Hanoi and not staying in the best hotel there it was a welcome relief to end up here. The room was clean and the bed was the most comfortable we...
Stayed here in Hoi An , it's on Cam Nam island.
After traveling from Hanoi and not staying in the best hotel there it was a welcome relief to end up here. The room was clean and the bed was the most comfortable we...
Group 4, Thanh Nhut Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune
This is a slice of paradise , simply one of the best places I have stayed and it is incredible value. The rooms are authentically decorated arranged around a little lake, with a beautiful pool. We were looked…
This is a slice of paradise , simply one of the
best places I have stayed and it is incredible value. The rooms are authentically decorated arranged around a little lake, with a beautiful pool. We were looked…
73 Luong Nhu Bich
Wow! What an amazing place. The staff is fantastic. The breakfast is really good as well. And there is a nice little pool to take a dip when you get too hot. The rooms are very comfortable and are some of the best...
Wow! What an amazing place. The staff is
fantastic. The breakfast is really good as well. And there is a nice little pool to take a dip when you get too hot. The rooms are very comfortable and are some of the best...
179 Tran Nhan Tong
The hotel is modern, clean and quietly located between the beach and the Old Town. It is just a few minute walk from many great restaurants and the wide variety of shopping, including tailors, that Hoi An is…
The hotel is modern, clean and quietly located
between the beach and the Old Town. It is just a few minute walk from many great restaurants and the wide variety of shopping, including tailors, that Hoi An is…
T_ 9, Kh_i Xuyen Trung Phu_ng C_m Nam
My third stay with these ladies and always get 10 star treatment. Beautiful clean rooms. Breakfast is always outstanding. The girls go out of their way to make your stay perfect. I will always stay with them each...
My third stay with these ladies and always get 10
star treatment. Beautiful clean rooms. Breakfast is always outstanding. The girls go out of their way to make your stay perfect. I will always stay with them each...
280 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Cam Nam Ward
One of the best places I’ve stayed in Hoi An. The villa is beautifully designed, in a quiet area, the hosts are so nice and accommodating to our large group. They also recommended an excellent tailor and leather...
One of the best places I’ve stayed in Hoi An. The
villa is beautifully designed, in a quiet area, the hosts are so nice and accommodating to our large group. They also recommended an excellent tailor and leather...
188 Tran Nhan Tong
Toung and Mai are the most amazing hosts, they gave us so much information and even showed us around some of the best local places. The hotel is absolutely beautiful with a lovely view of the sunrise over Hoi An...
Toung and Mai are the most amazing hosts, they
gave us so much information and even showed us around some of the best local places. The hotel is absolutely beautiful with a lovely view of the sunrise over Hoi An...
234/3 Tran Nhan Tong Street, Cam Thanh Commune
Hamlet 4, Cam Thanh Commune
I couldn't have chosen a better place to spend a week in Hoi An. This homestay has 5* amenities. I chose a double with balcony (201), which is large, well appointed with quality furniture. The decoration is sober...
I couldn't have chosen a better place to spend a
week in Hoi An. This homestay has 5* amenities. I chose a double with balcony (201), which is large, well appointed with quality furniture. The decoration is sober...
256 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Lovely villa in Hoian and only a short walk or car ride to old town. The hosts are very friendly and helpful, they made our stay very easy and enjoyable. Clean, big spacious rooms with a nice outlook over the pool...
Lovely villa in Hoian and only a short walk or
car ride to old town. The hosts are very friendly and helpful, they made our stay very easy and enjoyable. Clean, big spacious rooms with a nice outlook over the pool...
60 Huyen Tran Cong Chua
A wonderful boutique hotel in close walking distance of all the sights in Hoi An, with brilliant friendly staff who made our stay all the more enjoyable. The hotel itself is very clean, well managed, and the beds...
A wonderful boutique hotel in close walking
distance of all the sights in Hoi An, with brilliant friendly staff who made our stay all the more enjoyable. The hotel itself is very clean, well managed, and the beds...
Thanh Nhat Hamlet
Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An, Quang Nam
Beautiful surrounds, large modern rooms which were cleaned everyday. Beautiful pool and gardens. We stayed for 5 nights and had the place to ourselves. Only a couple of dollars in a taxi to the old Hoi An Town...
Beautiful surrounds, large modern rooms which
were cleaned everyday. Beautiful pool and gardens. We stayed for 5 nights and had the place to ourselves. Only a couple of dollars in a taxi to the old Hoi An Town...
125 Nguy_n Tri Phuong, Cam Nam
A wonderful stay! Pi and the family were so lovely, always a smile waiting for you and happy to help with anything. Pi recommended the Bay Mau Eco Cooking Class which had a morning market tour to buy the produce…
A wonderful stay! Pi and the family were so
lovely, always a smile waiting for you and happy to help with anything. Pi recommended the Bay Mau Eco Cooking Class which had a morning market tour to buy the produce…
Alley 384 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Block Ha Trung, Cam Nam Ward
The staff were fantastic start to finish. So helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. Lovely environment. Beautiful views. Good spa. Nice food. Nice patio and small pool. Great breakfast with room. Bikes provided. Easy...
The staff were fantastic start to finish. So
helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. Lovely environment. Beautiful views. Good spa. Nice food. Nice patio and small pool. Great breakfast with room. Bikes provided. Easy...
Hamlet 4
Hoi An 510000,
These people were perfect! Lots of help, with Internet, and driving and rides and money. They helped us immensely was wonderful. Wonderful good price to stay they help me and things see you next time I will come...
These people were perfect! Lots of help, with
Internet, and driving and rides and money. They helped us immensely was wonderful. Wonderful good price to stay they help me and things see you next time I will come...
510 Tr_n Nhan Tong
Outstanding new boutique Hotel set next to Rice fields. Fantastic room layout with balcony and separate toilet n shower (awesome rain shower). Staff are beautiful.. Minh was calm n friendly manager who had a team…
Outstanding new boutique Hotel set next to Rice
fields. Fantastic room layout with balcony and separate toilet n shower (awesome rain shower). Staff are beautiful.. Minh was calm n friendly manager who had a team…
331/1, Nguyen Tri Phuong, Cam Nam
The Suburban is the perfect place to stay in Hoi An. Not far from the centre of town but far away enough to be quiet and peaceful. The staff are helpful, the services excellent. The free bike was a nice extra, I...
The Suburban is the perfect place to stay in Hoi
An. Not far from the centre of town but far away enough to be quiet and peaceful. The staff are helpful, the services excellent. The free bike was a nice extra, I...
347 Nguyen Tri Phuong
We stayed at Green Hill Villa for nearly 2 weeks over Christmas and New Year. It was an exceptional experience. The room was beautifully furnished and sparkling with cleanliness. The bed was very comfortable with...
We stayed at Green Hill Villa for nearly 2 weeks
over Christmas and New Year. It was an exceptional experience. The room was beautifully furnished and sparkling with cleanliness. The bed was very comfortable with...
Ward No 5, Cam Thanh Village
Hoi An 84510,
I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...
I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are
like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...
1
…
14
15
16
17
18
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
