Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHiking & camping tours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Hiking & Camping Tours
Hiking & Camping Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Hiking & Camping Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
Popular Attractions
Sung Sot Cave
Old Quarter
Hang Luon Cave
Special offers
Special Offers
373 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,621
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Adventure Tours
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beache…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$125
3. 3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
138
Bus Tours
3 days
Explore Ninh Binh's famous Trang An Cave, and ancient Bai Dinh Temple, Mua Cave, experiencing local culture during a 1-night…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$50
4. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
11–12 hours
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
5. CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
545
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beaches…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
6. Full-Day Halong Bay 5 Stars Luxury Cruise Tour with Buffet Lunch
134
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
The best way to explore Halong Bay is book a tour with cruise. We are proud that we are the best 5 stars luxury cruise day…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$70
7. Halong Bay Overnight Cruise With Full Activities Kayak, Swim, Cave, and Meals...
2
Kayaking Tours
Spend 2 days cruising around Halong Bay. Highlights include Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island (they are most beautiful & famous…
$135
8. BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
6
4WD Tours
Enjoy an intimate cruise through the picturesque Ha Long Bay on boutique boats and modern cruise cruises appeals to culture…
9. Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
30
Airboat Tours
8–12 hours
#####Trip Highlights for HALONG BAY ITINERARY - Visit Sung Sot cave - biggest cave in Halong Bay - Visit Titop Island - …
Taking safety measures
$60
10. TOP TIER: 3 DAYS/2 NIGHTS tours- LIKE ABOSS on beautiful cruises
24
Option 1) If you book 2 nights in Halong bay - Sung Sot cave, walk in-hike up cave - Ti Top island: hike up, subathing…
$300
11. Wonder Bay Cruise: Halong 1 Day Tour, Smaller Group & Better Care
6–12 hours
Wonderbay Cruise brings you the differences from other cruises in Halong Bay. One day trip Halong Bay aboard the luxury …
12. Best Halong Bay 2D1N Cruise : Supprising Cave, Titop Island,Kayak
Two days and one night is a time not too long to explore and experience, but the schedule with many activities arrange reasonably…
$115
13. DELUXE Halong Bay Full Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2022-2023
176
6–13 hours
If style and speed are important to you, experience the spectacular marine landscapes of Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay on the…
$40
14. From Hanoi: Halong Bay by Scenic Seaplane and Luxury Day Cruise
The only way to truly appreciate the magnificent scenery of Ha Long Bay is by scenic flight. During the flight, you'll get…
$230
15. 2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
》》》Visit Sung Sot Cave(Surprising cave) . Biggest cave in Halong Bay 》》》 Visit Titop island and swim. 》》》 Visit Luon cave…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$79
16. La Casta Cruise 1 Day Tour from Hanoi City by Expressway
La Casta Cruise is one of the best day cruise in Halong Bay with superb services, cutting-edge facilities, and an exciting…
$95
17. Recommended Halong Bay Luxury Boutique Cruise 2 Days 1 Night
Private and Luxury
Our Cruise is finest luxury boutique one in Halong Bay! Step aboard our ultra luxury cruise ship for a trip to a mythical…
$140
18. All Inclusive 2 Days 1 Night Halong Luxury Overnight Cruises
2 Day discovery Halong Bay, Lan Ha Bay or Bai Tu Long Bay. Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island for Halong Bay. Bai Trai Dao Beach…
$55
19. Halong bay Luxur Cruise Day trip: Buffet lunch & Limousine bus
16
12–13 hours
Do 2 days 1 night route & activities in 1 day only Cruising in Halong bay, passing beautiful landscapes: Dinh Huong islet…
20. Halong Bay and Cave Full-Day Cruise,Lunch,Cave,Island,Beach from Hanoi
22
Halong Bay Day Cruise is a perfect option for busy travelers who have limitted time but still want to get a glance of the…
$45
21. Amazing Cruise - Luxury Day Tour from Ha Long Bay
7–13 hours
*Admire stunning scenery with thousands of limestone mountains at Halong Bay * Explore the secrets of Vietnamese cuisine…
22. Alova Premium Cruise Halong Deluxe Day Tour with Transfer & Meal
4
Halong Bay is one of the must-see attractions in Vietnam, even for travelers on a time budget. This full-day tour of the…
$65
23. Sea Octopus Cruise - The Top Luxury Day Tour in Halong Bay
7–12 hours
Sea Octopus was named after the symbol of this Halong's specialty with the mission of bringing visitors to the Bay an unforgettable…
24. Sea Octopus Cruise - 5 Star Luxury YATCH Halong Bay Heritage Site
$73
25. Ha Long Bay 1 Day Trip With Dragon King Cruise All Inclusive
Experience a unique journey full of adventure on a 1-day Premium Steel cruise around Ha Long Bay. Indulge your mind and …
26. La Casta Cruise - Luxury Day Tour in Halong Bay (Expressway- Limousine)
* Roundtrip Transfer from Hanoi to Halong & Return going by expressway. * Luxury 5 Star Cruise explore the heart of …
27. Halong Bay Overnight Cruise with Water Activities
1
Halong Bay Overnight Cruises is the perfect choice for clients who stay in Hanoi or in Halong City and would like to have…
$120
28. Amethyst Day Cruise The Most Luxury Day Tour Explore Halong Bay
Offering a fun-filled day trip of up to 7,5 hours with many activities, Amethyst Cruise is a new and ideal choice for travelers…
29. DELUXE Halong Cruise 1 Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2023
60
Jet Boat Rentals
Even if you don’t have time for an overnight cruise, explore both Lan Ha Bay and Halong Bay on this comprehensive guided…
Recommended by 91% of travelers
30. Halong Luxury Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, swimming, Surprise cave, Titop island
23
Luxury Cruises & services with professional staff Visiting & Cruising in Halong bay & Lan Ha bay Passing Beautiful Landscapes…
$180
…
Showing results 1-30 of 373
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Go628771
3 contributions
A fun full on itinerary
Cozy Bay cruise is a great way to see Ha Long Bay. The boat itself has seen better days but our room on board was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was hot. You could lay on the bed and have a wonderful view of the bay from the window. It’s a full on itinerary and you do feel a bit like you’re on the tourist conveyer belt when you visit the caves. But they’re worth it - very impressive and it’s a huge cave system. But what really makes this trip is the hospitality and hard work of the staff and the excellent and abundant food. You do have to pay for drinks and they served some fancy cocktails. It will also depend on the group you’re with - we had a young backpacker crowd on our boat and we were by far the oldest. They were a lively lot and this made it very entertaining - especially watching those that wanted to perform karaoke. You also get to go kayaking and you get a cookery class! Mr Lee was our host and he was always polite helpful and cheerful. In my opinion this trip is great value for money. The only sad part is the amount of rubbish on the water. We did see one small boat collecting it but they need to keep this beautiful water clean for visitors and wildlife to continue to enjoy.
Read more
Review of: CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
Written March 8, 2024
Tourist60808340802
Amazing
Amazing experience. The service was excellent, so was food and views!!! Had an amazing time enjoying kayaking and swimming too. Highly recommend!
Review of: 3-Day Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 5 Star Cruise
Written March 9, 2024
Gašper
4 contributions
Recommended trip to Halong bay in one day
Beautiful trip, very good guide. The van was very comfortable to go to Halong Bay. Everything was as in the tour program. The ship was very nice and a good lunch on it. We have seen many things and drove in a canoe boat. It was a long and amazing trip.
Review of: Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
Written January 1, 2024
sampada l
1 contribution
Definetly recommend it for a scenic experience
very well planned itinerary with fun activities. Our guide Mr.Tuan was a knowledgable person and explained all the things very clearly. The rooms were clean and well equipped.Thanks to the crew onboard for a great service.
Review of: CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
Written February 25, 2024
OnAir289177
Well organised tour, amazing tour guide, value for money, and overall a very enjoyable tour
The tour was well organised and we had an amazing guide who gave us tips and useful information. We had a nice time and will definitely recommend to our friends.
Review of: Full-Day Halong Bay 5 Stars Luxury Cruise Tour with Buffet Lunch
Written January 21, 2024
kaymistry21
London, UK18 contributions
Great staff and amazing service
I went as a solo traveller and was not keen to do everything but the great manage Ha made me so comfortable said what ever l want to do. Also I’m a very fussy eater and could not eat first night but they adapted to make it to my liking the next day and it was beautiful, Ha the manager is great and the staff are amazing, nothing is too much. The day l didn’t do the trip the staff member brought me my breakfast I’m my room, did so much to make me comfortable and so create full.
Review of: BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
Written October 10, 2023
Chuk Kwan N
Nice and wonderful trip!
Nice and wonderful trip! Good scenery! The schedule was well arranged. Mr. Lee, the tourist guide, was excellent, friendly and very helpful. We enjoyed the trip very much!
Review of: Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
Written December 12, 2023
Shehan P
Ha long bay cruise
Spectacular views good service well organised between activities. Good food.
Amazing crew very helpful staff. Overall great experience.
Review of: TOP TIER: 3 DAYS/2 NIGHTS tours- LIKE ABOSS on beautiful cruises
Linda
Ireland6 contributions
2 day 1 night Sunlight Cruise
I contacted Loi Van Nguyen from Seawind Travel about doing a budget friendly 2 day 1 night tour of Ha Long Bay at short notice. He responded to me straight away with options that suited my needs. The booking process was simple and we were on a bus to the harbor the very next morning.
We did the 2 day 1 night Sunlight cruise. The bus pick us up and dropped us off at our hotel in Hanoi. We got a free bottle of water and our tour guide Milano briefed us on the itinerary while we travelled to the boat. He spoke English well and constantly updated is about times and activities so we didn’t need to remember everything. The caves, ti top island and kayaking were amazing. The surprising cave is very unique. The room and facilities on the boat were great, hot shower and comfortable bed.
The menu was seafood fusion style. The seafood was really good especially the prawns and oysters. Some of the dishes randomly combined Vietnamese and western style cooking which resulted in interesting choices. It would have been better if the dishes served were either Vietnamese and/or western rather than combining them in fusion style. However plenty of food was served and there were a lot of options.
Review of: Best Halong Bay 2D1N Cruise : Supprising Cave, Titop Island,Kayak
Written February 25, 2023
Escape25033461203
Munich, Germany4 contributions
Very good
I like this place from customer care, food and beautiful scenery
Everyone should come and experience it
I love this ❤️❤️
Review of: DELUXE Halong Bay Full Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2022-2023
Written February 20, 2024
AlMadinah
Richmond, Canada5 contributions
Beautiful scenery, great staff, clean boat, not quite a “2-day” cruise unfortunately…
Overall, I would recommend this trip as Ti Top Island, Sung Sot Cave, and Halong Bay were all beautiful, scenic destinations that are mandatory for one’s Vietnam experience. The staff were very hospitable and our tour guide was awesome. Bonus points for being a very well-dressed, slick gentleman with lots of useful information. The servers at the restaurant onboard were very kind, helpful, and gracious. The ship itself was in good shape, clean, well-appointed, and hey it didn’t sink or break down so I guess it is seaworthy as well. Rooms were clean and well equipped. Warm shower and good water pressure as well.

Food is decent, it’s an overnight cruise so we didn’t expect Michelin star dining but it was adequate and relatively tasty.
The excursions themselves were fun although i felt that they were somewhat rushed. More time on each activity and excursion would be appreciated. More on this later…
They charge you for water so bring your own or expect to pay $$. Felt a bit misled as this was supposed to be an “all-inclusive” cruise. Charging for alcoholic beverages or pop I understand, but water should be included.
The bad… manage your expectations regarding this being a “2-day” cruise. We got underway at around 1300hrs and were herded off the boat at around 1100hrs the next day for our transfer back to Hanoi. We spent less than 24 hours aboard. We didn’t feel like we got our money’s worth and there wasn’t enough time to do everything we wanted plus relax on the boat. It is a shame because the sun decks and balcony in our unit would have been amazing spots to relax but there wasn’t the extra time to do that. It was pretty much “go go go” from boarding to disembark and less of a relaxing type of journey.
Review of: 2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
Written February 17, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for hiking & camping tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for hiking & camping tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best hiking & camping tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best hiking & camping tours in Halong Bay for couples?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Hiking & camping tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
London, UK
18 contributions
Ireland
6 contributions
Munich, Germany
Richmond, Canada
5 contributions
