Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayClasses & Workshops in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Classes & Workshops
Classes & Workshops in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nightlife
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Sights & Landmarks
Fun & Games
Cooking Classes
Paint & Pottery Studios
Sports Camps & Clinics
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Good for a Rainy Day
16 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Ginger Cookery
17
By FabienneG239
We really had a great time doing to cooking class with Thuy. The place is very beautiful, surrounded by a garden - very...
2. Nostalgia Cruises
439
Boat Tours • Cooking Classes
By micaiahg2023
Very organized, clean, comfortable, the activities were super fun, and all the food was delicious!
3. Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
432
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By juliamF219XZ
... providing an excellent service and wonderful experiences (kayaking, banana boat, cookery class, dinner on deck ...).
4. Ha Long Bay Water Puppet Show
5. The 925 , Vietnamese Bread - Sticky Rice & Tea - Coffee
6. Aqua Of The Seas Cruise
70
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By jasonmW8897HH
Tasty food, fun activities, beautiful rooms with AMAZING bathrooms and friendly, attentive and helpful staff.
7. Halong Bay Cruises Tour - S.E.A Wander
77
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By Jcmayo1991
(A lot of the bathrooms throughout the whole trip had limited TP FYI) Once we got to HaLong Bay, we got checked into...
8. THE SINH CAFE TRAVEL
43
9. Halong Bay Cruise and Car Transfer Service
5
By helenlS7807DZ
Highly recommend Cuong for all your tours in Vietnam
10. Victory Cruises
2
By LIncolnToots
We had no issues. Middle deck had dining room and upper deck was for chilling. Sunbathing on the deck & nice drinks up...
11. Hoa Vu
Cooking Classes • Food Tours
12. Halong bay tour 1 day trip by wecozyvietnam
Sports Camps & Clinics • Sightseeing Tours
13. Paradise Vietnam
14. Lux Cruises Vietnam.
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
Open now
15. Halong Tour Consultant
Taxis & Shuttles • Boat Tours
16. Trip Express
What travelers are saying
Fabienne G
11 contributions
0
Great chef and authentic experience
We really had a great time doing to cooking class with Thuy. The place is very beautiful, surrounded by a garden - very cozy atmosphere. We were allowed choose a menu ourselfes out of five options and it was delicious. Before the class you visit the market, which is so cool to see since you have a local with you. The cooking class itself is a lot of fun and you get so many useful tips. We can't wait to cook all the recepies back home. I can definately recommend you to do Thuy's cooking class, it's a blast!
Read more
Review of: Ginger Cookery
Written January 9, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Angus F
1 contribution
Great boat, would recommend
The whole staff were amazing ! Amazing food (lots of it). Great activities on board with our guide Thomas, lovely way to experience ha long bay
Review of: Nostalgia Cruises
Written March 9, 2024
Riddhi P
Be with the best..😎
One of the bestest experience in Vietnam diaries..😎
The service in cruise was good...
Very nice co operative approach of manager..
Must visit..👍
Review of: Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
Written January 16, 2024
Barney A
4 contributions
Great trip to Halong Bay
Did 3 days/2 nights cruise... The staff were extremely helpful, polite and friendly. The food was fabulous and the excursions were great with Andy and Jay.... A must if you ever decide to go to Halong Bay... 10 out of 10 👍👍👍
Review of: Aqua Of The Seas Cruise
Written March 7, 2024
Srikant Romeo
New Delhi, India1 contribution
Ha long bay
The trip, food, our tour guide ( ly) was awesome. Must try..
The scenery in Ha long bay was really marvellous. I would like to come again.
Review of: Halong Bay Cruises Tour - S.E.A Wander
Written May 13, 2019
Carol V
Melbourne, Australia4 contributions
1
Unforgettable experience in Halong Bay !
We booked a half day city tour in Halong Bay and our wonderful tour guide was Cuong . How lucky we were to get Cuong ! He was so informative and was full of pride of his home town . He was very accommodating to our needs and changed the itinerary around to what he thought would suit us better , we had a very enjoyable and memorable morning/afternoon full of history and culture and in the mix plenty of jokes and laughter.
We would highly recommend Cuong for your next tour in Halong Bay .

Thanks Cuong !!
Review of: Halong Bay Cruise and Car Transfer Service
Written December 5, 2023
LIncolnToots
Lincoln, UK174 contributions
Very enjoyable cruise
Had a fabulous 2 night/3day cruise on Halong Bay as part of a Mercury Vietnam Odyssey trip. Loved our cabin which was spacious enough for the trip. Very clean & most areas seemed to be well maintained. We had no issues. Middle deck had dining room and upper deck was for chilling. Sunbathing on the deck & nice drinks up there in the evening. Drinks were a wee bit pricey we thought. Food was amazing & beautifully presented & service professional. Lots of fish/seafood, but non fish people were well catered for too. Scenery was spectacular and the trips out in the tender were enjoyable. There was even night fishing. This cruise was one of the highlights of the whole trip. Thoroughly recommend.
Review of: Victory Cruises
Written November 5, 2019
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for classes & workshops in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best classes & workshops in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best classes & workshops in Halong Bay for couples?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
FabienneG239
2.
micaiahg2023
Very organized, clean, comfortable, the activities were
super fun
, and all the food was delicious!
3.
juliamF219XZ
... providing an excellent service and wonderful experiences (kayaking, banana boat, cookery class,
dinner
on deck ...).
4.
5.
6.
jasonmW8897HH
Tasty food, fun
activities
, beautiful rooms with AMAZING bathrooms and friendly, attentive and helpful staff.
7.
Jcmayo1991
8.
9.
helenlS7807DZ
Highly recommend Cuong for all your
tours
in Vietnam
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
New Delhi, India
Melbourne, Australia
Lincoln, UK
174 contributions
