Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Cruises
Piglette
piglette12
Contributions
13
Followers
0
Following
Follow
Activity feedForumsBadgesTravel map
Intro
Melbourne
Joined in Oct 2012
Piglette posted a question
Oct 2023
Ninh Binh to Halong Bay rest stops
We will be travelling by private car from Ninh Binh to Halong Bay. Just wondering if anyone knows whether the toilets along the way are usually ok or gross? We ...
Halong Bay
Quang Ninh Province, Vietnam
Helpful
Share
Vespa tours with a 4yo?
Hi, I’ve read and seen on the internet that tourists do take their young children on motorbike/Vespa tours… I’d appreciate hearing from anyone who has done so! ...
Vietnam
Asia
Piglette posted a reply
Sep 2023
Re: HK Express (island check-in) and Lantau Island daytrip
Wow Ngong Ping left luggage is HKD100 per piece!! Definitely cheaper to use Airport Express then. Citygate is HKD 60 day pass for a locker, will be good for the...
Hong Kong
China
Thank you everyone for your very helpful replies!!! Much appreciated. I did not realise that there are those left luggage services, so I will look into that. I ...
HK Express (island check-in) and Lantau Island daytrip
I will be flying out of HK on a midnight flight. Staying in Wan Chai. At first I was thinking that after check-out we could get rid of the luggage at the HK Sta...
Re: Hiring Car & Driver
Hi Angie, I booked with this company for the legs to and from Ninh Binh (Tam Coc): https://www.tripadvisor.co.uk/AttractionProductReview-g293924-d20026346-Trans...
Hanoi
1 Save
Also, and I know this is not directly answering your question…. But we are also doing Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay - Hanoi (airport) and I’ve bookes limousine...
Are you set on having the same driver for the whole round trip? If not, you can book different drivers for each leg of the trip through aggregator sites such as...
Sen Tay Ho or Maison Sen?
We will be visiting Hanoi in a couple of weeks, staying in the Old Quarter. We only have 2 nights so we will visit only one buffet. Would you recommend Sen Tay ...
Aug 2023
Taxi cost Halong to Haiphong
Does anyone know the approx cost of a taxi from Tuan Chau port to Haiphong city? Wondering if it is muc cheaper than a private car for a family.
Day use hotel Hai Phong
Are there any hotels in Hai Phong that I can book for half a day or by hour? Alternatively, anywhere with elft luggage services? Thank you
Hai Phong
Activity feed
Forums
Badges
Travel map
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
