Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
아름 변 wrote a review Dec 2023
1 contribution
Thank you Butler Binh
This is the firts time i go to Danang and Furama villa. My villa is R42. Butler Binh took care my family. He is an excellent butler, because he helped my family very much. Swimming pool is so beautiful and background has many beautiful trees. I will come back here to see butler Binh❤️
Date of stay: December 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Dec 14, 2023
Warmest greetings from Furama Villas Da Nang, Proud to be recognized as one of the Top 5 reputable hotels in Vietnam, we continuously strive to enhance our service quality, aiming to deliver the highest satisfaction to our customers We're delighted to hear about your wonderful experience at Furama Villa, especially with Butler Binh's exceptional service. Your kind words truly mean a lot to us. We're thrilled that you enjoyed the beautiful surroundings, including the stunning swimming pool and lush greenery. We can't wait to welcome you and your family back again soon to create more unforgettable moments with us. Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Sunkee P wrote a review Dec 2023
+1
I enjoyed my stay so much that I plan to return once a month.
I stayed at the best villa in Danang for my recent trip. The host, Lam, was extremely polite and kind, and he helped me a lot during my stay. The villa was immaculate, calm, and peaceful, which made it the perfect spot for me to conduct my business. Thanks to the tranquil environment, my business went very well. I enjoyed my stay so much that I plan to return once a month.
Date of stay: November 2023
Responded Dec 5, 2023
Dear our valued guest, We're thrilled to hear about your amazing experience at the Furama Villas Da Nang, It sounds like Lam was a wonderful host, making your stay exceptional with his kindness and assistance. It's fantastic that the serene atmosphere allowed you to conduct your business so effectively. Planning to return once a month speaks volumes about how much you enjoyed your time there. We're always looking forward to welcoming you back to enjoy more of our beautiful swimming pools, diverse dining experiences, and especially our health and beauty care services at V-senses Spa Warmest regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
NJDPP Y wrote a review Nov 2023
Wonderful experience
Fully equipped villa has its own campus, with private swimming pool, living room, bedroom. My villa near the central swimming pool and breakfast restaurant, so it's very convenient. Staff are very friendly and enthusiastic. there is staff to clean the room and clean the pool everyday. There is a buggy so you can go around the resort and villa easily.
Responded Nov 21, 2023
Dear our valued guest, Thank you for choosing to stay at our villa and for taking the time to share your experience with us. Your feedback truly means a lot to our team. We're thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your time here and that the villa's amenities, including the private swimming pool, living room, and bedroom, contributed to a wonderful stay. Your kind words about our staff's friendliness and enthusiasm are deeply appreciated Once again, thank you for choosing to stay with us. Should you plan another visit to the area, we would be absolutely delighted to welcome you back for another wonderful experience. Warmest regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Sightsee04315342122 wrote a review Oct 2023
I was so happy when i had a chance stay at furama villa. Everything is so great. Butler Binh is so kind and nice. He is a handsome butler. He helped my family anytime. I will come back here in the future.Thank you Mr. BINH HANDSOME BUTLER
Date of stay: October 2023
Responded Oct 24, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas Da Nang, We're happy to hear that you had a wonderful stay at Furama Villa! Thank you for your kind words, and we're delighted to know that Butler Binh made your experience so memorable. We'll be sure to pass along your compliments to him. We're looking forward to welcoming you back in the future. We always offer special deals and care for returning guests, especially in our renowned restaurants like Don Cipriani, Cafe Indochine, and the health and beauty area, V-sense Spa. Thank you for choosing Furama Villa Best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Catherine M wrote a review Oct 2023
Thank you Binh butler so much
This is the first time I go to Vietnam with my family, my family included 5 people, my children really like the pool because it's large and beautiful. Butler Binh took care my family. He is the best butler because he is willing to help.my family any time. Thank you Binh
Responded Oct 22, 2023
Dear guest, We're happy to hear that you had a nice stay at Furama Villas, especially as it was your first time visiting Vietnam. Our staff is dedicated to ensuring your satisfaction, and we're delighted that you found them to be helpful and passionate. Butler Binh was pleased to hear your feedback, and we're committed to making your next visit even more fantastic. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas, and we eagerly await the opportunity to welcome you back in the future. With appreciation, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Inspire02730109992 wrote a review Oct 2023
Thank you to butler Binh
This is a last night that my family stay at Furama villa, everything is so great. Main pool, lagoon pool are so beautiful. Butler Binh is nice and helpful. He took care my family during our stay. He is an excellent butler😍
Dear our valued guest, Thank you so much for your kind words! We're delighted to hear that you and your family had such a wonderful stay at Furama Villa and enjoyed our main pool and lagoon pool. Butler Binh truly appreciates your recognition and compliments. We take great pride in providing excellent service, and we're thrilled to know that he made your stay even more enjoyable. We'll make sure to pass on your feedback to him! It has been our pleasure to host you and your family, and we hope you have created lasting memories during your time with us. If you ever decide to return to Furama Villa, we'll be here to welcome you with open arms. Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Tuấn N wrote a review Oct 2023
Thank you to Butler Binh
Furama villa is so great, everything is excellent, scenery of villa area is nice Butler Binh is so kind and helpful. I would like to say thank you to him because he took care and visited my family everyday. He asked my experiences to improve his services
Responded Oct 17, 2023
Dear guest, Thank you for your kind words and appreciation for your stay at Furama Villas. We're delighted to hear that you found everything to be excellent, including the beautiful villa area scenery. Butler Binh is truly dedicated to providing exceptional service, and we're pleased that you found him to be kind and helpful. It's heartwarming to know that he took such good care of your family Your satisfaction is our utmost priority, and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back to Furama Villas in the future. If you have any more feedback or requests, please do not hesitate to share them with us. With all best wishes, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Tam M wrote a review Oct 2023
Nice stay
It was my first time visiting Vietnam. Despite the weather was not very nice, I had an enjoyable stay at Furama Villas. The staff were helpful and passionate. Binh has asked about our feedback at our last day here and we look forward to seeing an even more fantastic place next time we come back!
Dear guest, We're thrilled to hear that you had a nice stay at Furama Villas, especially as it was your first time visiting Vietnam. We appreciate your understanding regarding the weather, and we're glad to know that you had an enjoyable experience with us. Our staff is dedicated to ensuring your satisfaction, and we're delighted that you found them to be helpful and passionate. Butler Binh was pleased to hear your feedback, and we're committed to making your next visit even more fantastic. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas, and we eagerly await the opportunity to welcome you back in the future. With appreciation, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Josafin F wrote a review Oct 2023
Happy to stay at Furama Villas
Butler Binh was very nice a d helpful with our stay in Furama Villas. It’s very close to the beach, nice private pool in the villas. It’s my first visit to Da Nang. The overall experience is positive.
Dear guest, We are delighted to hear that you had a happy stay at Furama Villas! Butler Binh was pleased to assist you, and we are glad that you found the proximity to the beach and the private pool in the villas to your liking. Your positive feedback about your first visit to Da Nang is truly appreciated. We aim to provide a memorable and enjoyable experience for our guests, and it's wonderful to know that we succeeded in doing so for you. If there's anything else we can do to enhance your future visits or if you have any special requests, please do not hesitate to reach out. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas, and we look forward to welcoming you back. Warmest wishes, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Stefanie T wrote a review Oct 2023
Stay at Furama
it was the first stay at furama villas, and it very very spacious. Butler Binh was very helpful and listened to our feedback about the villa we stayed. although the weather was not as good as planned, the resort offered other activities for the stay.
Dear guest, We're delighted to hear that you had your first stay at Furama Villas and found the accommodations to be very spacious. Butler Binh was pleased to assist you, and we greatly appreciate your feedback regarding your villa. It's unfortunate that the weather didn't quite meet your expectations, but we're glad to know that the resort was able to offer alternative activities to make your stay enjoyable. Your satisfaction is our top priority, and we hope to welcome you back for another visit in the future. If you have any more suggestions or requests, please don't hesitate to share them with us. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas! Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
아름 변
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Sunkee P
NJDPP Y
Sightsee04315342122
Catherine M
Inspire02730109992
Tuấn N
Tam M
Josafin F
Stefanie T
2
5
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
