Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Reco COVID-19 Itinerary Protection
When you plan a trip with Reco, your Trip Designer has your back. This includes helping you make changes or re-bookings should your plans change. Similarly, Reco has your back when you hire a Trip Designer. If you end up needing to cancel your trip due to COVID-19, our COVID-19 refund policy allows you to either recoup 50% of your upfront itinerary planning fee or receive a voucher for future Reco services.
How will I be compensated for the money I’ve spent on my planning fee?
We offer you two options:
A partial ($100) refund on your upfront planning fee plus a coupon for 25% off your next Reco planning fee.
A full voucher (worth $200) for future Reco itinerary planning services.
Regardless of which option you choose, you can keep the itinerary that’s already been prepared for you, and we can help you get back to planning that vacation when the time is right.
Who is eligible for Reco COVID-19 itinerary protection?
You may qualify for COVID-19 compensation from Reco if one of the following occurs after you hire a Trip Designer:
You are impacted by the travel and/or disease control restrictions implemented by either your local authorities or the authorities in your destination of travel.
You are a medical professional and will be performing duties in connection with the COVID-19 outbreak that make your contemplated travel not possible.
You have been diagnosed or are suspected of being infected with COVID-19 by health authorities.
Can I postpone my trip instead of canceling it?
Yes! If you would like to postpone your trip to a later date, please contact your Trip Designer, who can help you re-book your vacation. Please note that you may be subject to penalties and/or additional fees based on the terms & conditions you agreed to with your Trip Designer and/or the suppliers they work with (e.g., hotels and tour operators). If you choose to postpone your trip, you would not be eligible for the Reco COVID-19 itinerary protection described here (but will not need to pay the fee again when you are ready to take that trip).
What do I need to do in order to request compensation?
To request compensation, click here to go to our support page. Enter your name, email, and phone number. In the “Type of issue” drop-down, select “Problem with Payment” and then select “Request a Refund” in the “Category of issue” drop-down. In the “Your feedback” field, please write the following: “I certify that my trip has been impacted by COVID.” Please also let us know if you would like to receive (1) 50% back and a 25% off coupon or (2) 100% off coupons for future Reco itinerary planning services.
How will I receive my compensation?
If you request a partial refund, this will be automatically issued by Stripe to the credit card you used to pay for the itinerary planning fee.

If you request a voucher, you will receive an email with a coupon code for the creation of an itinerary that you can use at checkout the next time you hire a Trip Designer.
Does this refund policy cover any part of my trip beyond the $200 Reco itinerary planning fee?
No, this does not cover any trip items beyond those provided directly by Reco (trip consultation/itineraries).
If having a fully refundable trip is important to you, we recommend you work with your Trip Designer to select fully refundable bookings when planning your trip.
Is this a travel insurance policy?
No, this is not a travel insurance policy, but a courtesy accommodation by Reco in order to assist you in the event you end up needing to cancel your trip due to COVID-19. If you are seeking travel insurance, we recommend you seek out a travel insurance provider.
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
described here
click here
