Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Outdoor Pool in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Outdoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
11 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
1. Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
551 reviews
#1 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"When you book a room at Muong Thanh Can Tho, guests can also enjoy access to a world-class sports center with an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness room and a floating bar."
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Top Rated
2023
2. Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
#2 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"The hotel amenities were really good, cheap spa prices, a well equipped gym and a fabulous outdoor pool to enjoy after days of sightseeing."
"modern and luxurious rooms, but also have the opportunity to enjoy rich and world-class facilities such as GYM room with modern equipment, high floor outdoor swimming pool."
Visit hotel website
Best Seller
3. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#3 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Excellent and helpful staff Good breakfast Spacious room with balcony and Mekong river view Outdoor swimming pool nearby spa Convenient location, nearby pier to go to the floating market, night market, and ancient..."
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
4. Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#4 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"The heated outdoor pool was a jewel after a long day of touring."
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
5. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#5 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
6. Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#6 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
7. West Hotel
522 reviews
#7 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
8. Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#8 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
9. Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#9 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
"OK room, swimmingpool and staff. Very hard bed. The staff did not speak english very well and were not that profesional. The breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from. Nice hotel to stay in for one night."
10. Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#10 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
11. Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#11 Best Value of 11 Can Tho Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Popular destinations for Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Chiang Rai
Located about five hours from Chiang Mai, Chiang Rai is a community not to be missed. The area offers a variety of cooking classes, beautiful views, markets, resorts and restaurants. In addition, visitors can get a feel for true northern Thai culture during their visit.
Read more
Coron
Coron is a fantastic base for adventure, especially for underwater explorers seeking to dive amid the Japanese shipwrecks of the 1940s. Hop a guided mangrove kayak tour or practice your killer spike on the beach-volleyball court at Atwayan Beach. Jungle treks, horseback tours and island camping will further quench your thirst for the ultimate outdoor experience.
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Panay Island
Most travelers know Panay as the jumping-off point for the white-sand, turquoise-water beaches in Boracay. But if you’ve got a few extra days to explore, you’ll find a whole lot more to the Filipino island—from the rugged mountains and rivers of Antique to the history and architecture of Iloilo City. It’s also a food-lover’s dream: Dig into the best seafood in the country (some travelers say) at Baybay Beach or hop over to Guimaras Island to try some of the sweetest mangoes in the world.
Shanghai
The largest city in China is also its most cosmopolitan, offering visitors a chance to experience the past, present, and future all at once. The Huangpu River splits Shanghai into two districts: Pudong and Puxi. The Pudong skyline looks like it was ripped from the Jetsons, with the bulbous Oriental Pearl TV and Radio Tower looking a bit like a two headed lollipop. On the Puxi side, you can walk the Bund riverside district to get a taste of old Shanghai.
Chiyoda
Chiyoda is located in Central Tokyo.This popular ward attracts visitors with views of the Imperial Palace, which takes up 12% of the ward! For travelers who love a good play, this ward houses one of the largest performing arts theaters in Tokyo, which contains nearly 3,000 seats. While you're there, take a walk over the most photographed bridge in Japan--the Nijubashi Bridge--and enjoy the whimsical backdrop, which includes a breath-taking view of the Palace. There on a honeymoon? Try eating out at one of many restaurants located in the Ekimae Plaza Building.
Onna-son
Gilgandra
Cowra
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Outdoor poolHotels & Motels
The Island Lodge
607 reviews
40.2 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"It’s a wonderful stylish yet cozy boutique hotel, the service is very good and the people are very friendly and welcoming and supportive. Food was very delicious. And the view over the river and the pool is so..."
All Inclusive
Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
25.7 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend..."
"Absolutely beautiful location, stunning gardens and fantastic service. We stayed here for 2 nights on our way through the Mekong. I can honestly say from start to finish the service was outstanding due to the..."
Oasis Hotel
343 reviews
41.4 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"This small guesthouse is run by a lovely couple who aim to give their guests a good experience. The place was clean, bedroom a good size and breakfast was excellent . You can hire bikes which we did . The town..."
Mekong Riverside Boutique Resort & Spa
315 reviews
25.4 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what team..."
"This resort is in a great position to look out over the fascinating Mekong River with its constant river traffic. I had difficulty on our first night explaining my gluten intolerance and received a disappointing..."
Mango Home Riverside
331 reviews
44.6 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Situated 6 kilometres outside Ben tre at the bank of a river. Very good price quality ratio. Plus points of this resort: quite a large terrain: beautiful lush and green. Nice swimming pool and daybeds including sun..."
"A hidden gem of tranquility We loved our stay here, so calming and restful! Just what we needed after HCMC! Excellent service, great food, clean spacious rooms with good beds and a lovely chilled pool area. Wasn’t..."
Ben Tre Riverside Resort
239 reviews
40.3 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Spent a few days and nights here over Christmas. Checked in the day before Christmas and headed straight to the cafe which is right on the river's edge. We booked in for the special Christmas meal which was only..."
"Stayed here as part of a wedding party, which was also held here. The setting is beautiful. River view rooms have an unending parade of various boats on the Mekong. Staff is somewhat formal, but helpful. Food..."
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
Mekong My Tho Hotel
55 reviews
#3 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"This hotel is just fine. The carpet needs to be replaced but overall it reasonably clean. This is our family’s 3rd time staying here, my kids love the pool (but is is closed for a few hours in the afternoon and..."
"We had wonderful trip in Vietnam. Mekong hotel was nice and spacious. Staffs were lovely, and friendly. Good location and spacious hotel. I know I will comeback soon this hotel. Great job my friends Jonny, Len van..."
Sai Gon Rach Gia Hotel
28 reviews
46.8 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"The hotel is biggest in town at the moment. I found it’s interesting which many wall pictures, showing famous people saying. It doesn’t look like a state owned company where nonsense slogans hanging everywhere..."
"The hotel has been well maintained and consistent with good service, friendly staffs and good breakfast! We have stayed here every time we come to Rach gia which was quite often and they haven't let us down at all!"
Sea Light Hotel
68 reviews
48.2 miles from Can Tho
#9 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"Larger hotel in Rach Gia, but the rooms are very dated from furniture to bathroom. Everything was adequately clean. The prices are extremely low, and so for such pricing, it's a reasonable deal, but probably well..."
"Hotel was mostly clean and neat. Most of the hotels I went to on my trip had mold everywhere. The only place that this hotel had mold was around the sink. I also really liked how roomy the place was, so, yay!"
Matches:Outdoor pool
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Can Tho Ecolodge
124 reviews
In Can Tho
#5 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Can Tho Ecolodge lives up to its motto, "comfort, nature, local." This isn't a luxury resort, rather a down to earth place to stay with all the amenities you could possibly need. Being a country girl myself, I felt..."
"It was such a great finding. It's exactly what I was hoping to find to spend a couple of days in Can Tho. The rooms are clean, big and you can see their commitment with sustainability. They heat the water with solar..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Outdoor pool
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Kim Xuan Bungalow
3 reviews
47.9 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 9 B&Bs / Inns in Cua Lap
Truong Huy Hotel
0 reviews
17.7 miles from Can Tho
#15 of 23 B&Bs / Inns in Vinh Long Province
SaiGon VinhLong Hotel
10 reviews
18.1 miles from Can Tho
#10 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"Best hotel in Vĩnh Long Province Breakfast: 8/10- both Vietnamese and Western style Staff at the restaurant were very friendly. Room were clean, modern with river view. Location: very center There are many..."
"Nice room, nice people, great breakfast. Hotel is right beside Mekong river & the city night market. I have stayed there 2 times & always like it there & will return again for sure. The rooms are big & have a bath..."
Ngoc Thu Hotel
29.8 miles from Can Tho
#12 of 20 B&Bs / Inns in Soc Trang
"This is a lovely property but a little worn. They went cheap on the shower curtain which makes it is difficult to have a shower without flooding the bathroom. This seems unnecessary and easily preventable. The..."
"I used to have bad experience with Que Huong hotel at the center of Soc Trang city, sticky room, no POS machine, bad conditioner, ... So I chose this hotel for my biz trip. VIP room with 1 king size & 1 single bed..."
Dong Xuan Hong Guest House
22 reviews
47.8 miles from Can Tho
#72 of 329 B&Bs / Inns in Phu Quoc Island
"Hotel is right beside the road looks small but inside nice greeny n plants everywhere with pool & dinning hall. Many places like restaurants & stalls & marts to eat as u comeout of hotel. Beach is walking 30 mins..."
"Guest house but like hotel, near the center of the town. Cheap, pool is good, breakfast is also good. However it is too small, and next to the hotel but the price is almost equal to la blue ocean hotel."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
"Great little hotel with lovely suites, although I am unsure what the internal balcony was about. However the staff are really attentive and polite, and as we had skipped breakfast they gave us a box of food to take..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
11
Hotels Prices From
$23
Hotels Reviews
5,458
Hotels Photos
5,304
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with outdoor pool
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with outdoor pool are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho are romantic?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
11 of 574
When you book a room at Muong Thanh Can Tho, guests can also enjoy access to a world-class sports center with an outdoor swimming pool, a fitness room and a floating bar.
When you book a room at Muong Thanh Can Tho, guests can also enjoy access to a world-class sports center with
an outdoor swimming pool
, a fitness room and a floating bar.
The hotel amenities were really good, cheap spa prices, a well equipped gym and a fabulous outdoor pool to enjoy after days of sightseeing.
The hotel amenities were really good, cheap spa prices, a well equipped gym and a fabulous
outdoor pool
to enjoy after days of sightseeing.
modern and luxurious rooms, but also have the opportunity to enjoy rich and world-class facilities such as GYM room with modern equipment, high floor outdoor swimming pool.
modern and luxurious rooms, but also have the opportunity to enjoy rich and world-class facilities such as GYM room with modern equipment, high floor
outdoor swimming pool
.
Excellent and helpful staff Good breakfast Spacious room with balcony and Mekong river view Outdoor swimming pool nearby spa Convenient location, nearby pier to go to the floating market, night market, and ancient...
Excellent and helpful staff Good breakfast Spacious room with balcony and Mekong river view
Outdoor swimming pool
nearby spa Convenient location, nearby pier to go to the floating market, night market, and ancient...
The heated outdoor pool was a jewel after a long day of touring.
The heated outdoor pool
was a jewel after a long day of touring.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
