Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
jophyylau wrote a review Oct 2018
Hong Kong, China1 contribution
Staff are helpful and friendly
The staff are friendly and helpful - Ms. Lien. The breakfast is also good here. There are many varieties of food, Chinese, Vietnam and Western. I love the vietnam noodle the best. The view at night is beautiful if there is no fog. It really depends on your luck. We would recommend it to our friendd.
Read more
Date of stay: October 2018
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALC S, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Oct 29, 2018
Xin chào jophyylau, Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience and for recognizing our clean apartment and good food at our restaurants. We are pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay overall. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
rnkl21 wrote a review Oct 2018
Seoul, South Korea1 contribution
Very good :) and nice view
We stay for 3days. ms. Lien is very kind. I want to go again our room is clean, and big. but i heard some sounds. I am happ thanks for this hotel 'a la carete hotel' we have a good time. The rooftop bar is delicious.
Responded Oct 25, 2018
Xin chào rnkl21, Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience and for recognizing our friendly staff, especially with our Guest Service Ms Liên. I am pleased to see that you enjoyed your stay overall. We look forward to welcoming you back to our hotel in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team. "
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
perieunsil wrote a review Oct 2018
view was good.
the view of the beach was good and the room was neat, too. But the infinity pool was a little small. They were very kind and had a beautiful smile. The biggest advantage is that the beach is near. I had a good time.
Xin chào perieunsil, Thank you for your wonderful review! We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Dizzyle wrote a review Oct 2018
Ho Chi Minh3 contributions1 helpful vote
Good location but unprofessional staff and services
The hotel is just right in front of the beach so its its highest advantage. In general, its overpriced. The infinity pool is under maintenance without any prior notice to guests. Check-in and check-out process took too long without any reasons. Staff kept receiving request but no futher actions taken. Room is deisgned as an apartment with various types of kitchen equipment, then most of them could function normally. For example, the auto coffee machine is provided without the coffee capsules.
Responded Oct 19, 2018
Xin chao Dyzzyle, Thank you for taking the time to share your review with us. We appreciate your valuable feedback as it helps us identify the areas we can improve the guest experience. I was disappointed to learn of the shortcomings you experienced and we strive to provide service excellence but regrettably, we seem to have fallen short of our usual high standards on this occasion. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
jasonhindly wrote a review Oct 2018
10 contributions1 helpful vote
Best afternoon view
The rooftop bar and pool is a must visit, the hotel seems generally busy and so it should be, right on the beach. If you are on a short stay in DaNang and you feel like a drink in the afternoon I would say consider here it is really good.
Xin chào jasonhindly Thank you for your wonderful review! We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you enjoyed our Topbar. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Carcar wrote a review Oct 2018
18 contributions2 helpful votes
disappointment
frankly speaking the only reason i book this hotel was for the pool, since we are not fond of swimming at the beach since it is open waters. but it was under maintenance for my whole duration of the stay and it was definitely a scheduled maintenance and would have been nice when the hotel sends guest a email inform us about it. even the kids club was closed (1 of it) even though we didnt need to use it at all. But it just shows that everything is under maintenance. The staff just swiftly talked about it and offered us alternative at the beach... wait a minute: the beach is not an alternative since it is there already and i know when i booked it, not helpful at all. And you have to be charged for every single thing, i mean i am not saying it is expensive but i need to draw my…
Xin chao August S, First of all, thank you very much for your recent stay with us, and taking the time to provide us with your feedback. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience and, I was extremely disappointed to learn that we did not extend our usual warm and caring service during your stay. We value all of our guests and will try our utmost to extend our usual warm and caring service at all times. Each and every associate at A La Carte Da Nang Beach is fully trained to provide dedicated service excellence but regrettably, we seem to have fallen short of our usual high standards on this occasion. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
jsjimene33 wrote a review Oct 2018
Union Mills, Indiana16 contributions
Vacation stop!
Great value at the spa!! Disappointed that the pool was under construction but overall stay was excellent. Friendly and attentive staff. Great room. Awesome location and beach! We loved it here! 👍🏼😍👏🏼
Xin chao jsjimene33, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave a review of your stay with us at À La Carte Da Nang Beach. We are sorry for issue that you encountered with during your stay. Please rest assured that we have taken proper action to avoid it happen in the future. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to A La Carte Da Nang Beach again soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team
Madelineen wrote a review Oct 2018
1 contribution
Wonderful location
We stayed in the ocean view suite for 3 nights for a second time and once again, the room was great and very spacious with wonderful beachfront views. The rooftop pool and bar was opened to the public, so you can come and enjoy one or two drinks here. The pool was peaceful and relaxing and we could find a free lounge to tan. We had ordered room service for lunch and had a very good, authentic and affordable meal. We also bought spa packages which was pleasant and relaxing for our family. All in all, our stay was wonderful and we'll sure be staying here again next time.
Date of stay: May 2018
Responded Oct 8, 2018
Xin chào Madelineen, Thank you for your wonderful review! We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
ngọc hân L wrote a review Oct 2018
Nice hotel….
A La Carte is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with ocean view, which is just spectacular. The hotel staff are friendly, accommodating and very helpful. The restaurants serve good foods and get everything I need for breakfast. Although I only stayed here for 1 day for business trip, I did feel relaxed and energized.
Date of stay: August 2018
Xin chào Excursion647333, Many thanks for choosing our Resort and your kind review. We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We hope to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Esili wrote a review Oct 2018
Sydney, Australia4 contributions1 helpful vote
Just ok
Right opposite the beach, the rooms are a good size. We had the 2 bedder. Customer service not the best and overcrowded with too many rude tourists. The rooftop pool looks beautiful but again is overcrowded, not many lounge options, not clean (bird poo on the lounges) and service wasn’t great. I wouldn’t recommend this place.
Date of stay: July 2018
Responded Oct 2, 2018
Xin chao Esili, First of all, thank you very much for your recent stay with A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel, and taking the time to provide us with your feedback. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience and, I was extremely disappointed to learn that we did not extend our usual warm and caring service during your stay. We value all of our guests and will try our utmost to extend our usual warm and caring service at all times. Each and every associate atA La Carte Da Nang Beach is fully trained to provide dedicated service excellence but regrettably, we seem to have fallen short of our usual high standards on this occasion. Please accept my apologies for the shortfalls and please rest assured that the matter has been discussed with our relative department to ensure that we provide you with a better level of service next time you visit us. Thank you once again for your valuable feedback, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1819202122…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
jophyylau
Hong Kong, China
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
rnkl21
Seoul, South Korea
perieunsil
Dizzyle
Ho Chi Minh
3 contributions
1 helpful vote
jasonhindly
10 contributions
10
Carcar
18 contributions
18
2 helpful votes
frankly speaking the only reason i book this hotel was for the pool, since we are not fond of swimming at the beach since it is open waters. but it was under maintenance for my whole duration of the stay and it was definitely a scheduled maintenance and would have been nice when the hotel sends guest a email inform us about it. even the kids club was closed (1 of it) even though we didnt need to use it at all. But it just shows that everything is under maintenance. The staff just swiftly talked about it and offered us alternative at the beach... wait a minute: the beach is not an alternative since it is there already and i know when i booked it, not helpful at all. And you have to be charged for every single thing, i mean i am not saying it is expensive but i need to draw my
jsjimene33
Union Mills, Indiana
16 contributions
16
Madelineen
ngọc hân L
Esili
Sydney, Australia
4 contributions
…
19
20
21
22
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
