Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Non-smoking hotel
Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
In Halong Bay
#39 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix my..."
"It is totally one of the best stay of mine in Ha Long after many visits here. Location Tip: Only 5 minutes from the port, great for a quick breakfast or snack before boarding your ship! Food Tip: Try the Pho..."
Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know the..."
"We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff..."
Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#41 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i..."
"The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if..."
White Crown Hotel
10 reviews
0.6 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
Aha Halong Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it as..."
"This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are..."
Galaxy Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
Việt Hoàng Hotel Hạ Long
4 reviews
412.1 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long..."
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#21 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east side..."
May House Hotel
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Bao Han Hotel
#22 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is really..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
2 reviews
#61 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
484.2 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of..."
The Twin Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#25 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
The Marine Hotel
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Luxury Hotel
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
La Dolce Vita Hotel
#29 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Savanna Hotel
#30 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Bin Bop Hotel
#78 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Sunlight Hotel
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
