Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
THE BEST Hotels with Bridal Suite in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
3 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Bridal Suite
Hotels & Motels
1. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
177 reviews
#1 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
2. Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#2 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
3. Classic Hoang Long
22 reviews
#3 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
"Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often..."
"What a bizarre place booked by a friend on my behalf by mistake, only 2 nights but really weird lots of clutter with tacky ornaments each too there own, if you look at the photos and think thats ok then this is..."
Hotels with Bridal Suite nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Bridal Suite
Nong Khai
Khanh Hoa Province
Rayong
Fuzhou
Bicol Region
Shirdi
Malvan
Karachi
Omsk
Volgograd Oblast
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Bridal SuiteHotels & Motels
2023
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
"The best in Vietnam! Amazing service 10/10. Look no further! This is the best place I stayed in Vietnam, everything is perfect. The facilities, the comfort and of course the amazing staff. Especially, Mr DUC FO was..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Purple Lotus Hotel
62 reviews
24.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"I have stayed in some hotel in Haiduong and found this one was the best . Room cozy, clean and service is good.Staff friendly and professional.The girl from sales apartment was very thoughtful and kind with me when..."
"Good service and quick responsibility. You can request car from hotel to pick up at airport. Breakfast is good - variety of foods Room : clean and big room Staff : high service and 24 hours Location : have..."
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Lake Hills Hotel Halong
1 review
23.3 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Halong Lavender Hotel
24.1 miles from Hai Phong
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Harmony Halong Hotel
2 reviews
28.0 miles from Hai Phong
#24 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center..."
Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
3 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#27 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more..."
"Very new, spotless clean, modern room design and nice building and the whole area, just being built. Few cafes around there. Love the architecture of the buildings. Location was perfect, 10-15 min walk to the old..."
Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
20.8 miles from Hai Phong
#18 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels changed..."
"This hotel is very nice but somebody needs to train the staff. We walked into the foyez to find no receptionist and the staff playing cards. We had to interrupt their game to get someone to help us. We said: "Hello..."
Green Capital Hotel
28.3 miles from Hai Phong
#101 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night..."
"The horrible experience started with the try to get to the Hotel. The adress wasn't known to the taxi drivers of Ha Long City. After a trip through the half of the city the driver was able to find the hotel. So we..."
Hai Yen Luxury Hotel
8 reviews
39.6 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 11 hotels in Cam Pha
"I have stayed on a number of occasions whilst working nearby. Staff are always very friendly. The rooms are of reasonable size and fairly clean. The hotel does not seem very busy. I do not think the restaurant..."
"The room is spacious but very smelly, like noone stays for long. Breakfast is quite nice with lots of local food with many items of choices. Over 30km far from Halong Bay center, just suitable for those..."
Bac Ninh Venus Hotel
45.7 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
Bac Ninh Vienna Hotel
46.0 miles from Hai Phong
#14 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
Amy-Dongdo Plaza Hotel
5 reviews
45.6 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
"The hotel is nice, the room also , big, clean and have balcony The staff very helpful and friendly Bed is big and comfortable and i love that Breakfast is good The hotel in the city and if you go anyway is..."
Le Indochina Hotel & Spa
11 reviews
45.2 miles from Hai Phong
#20 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
"Hotel is one of the better ones around the area and walking distance to the mall. The interiors are new and have a rooftop bar for one’s drinks overseeing the area. There’s also an e-game Center, which is mostly..."
"I stayed here for work. The hotel is a nice, quiet, yet with full amenities. Gym, pool, and the best penthouse bar around, the hotel has it all. My room was large and spacious, very luxurious and new. The gym was..."
Matches:Bridal Suite
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Tan An Palace
In Hai Phong
#40 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Beautiful new hotel with excellent rooms and facilities. Staff were kind and breakfast was tasty. Really enjoyed our stay Would highly recommend. Good location. We stayed over night as our tour to ha long bay left..."
"Stay only 1 night and we found that the hotel is new. Breakfast is terrible. The room is nice but lack of many convenience things. Quite noise from the wedding in the ground floor. They full charge for late check..."
Catba Golden Holiday Hotel
24 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We stayed a month here and loved it. A nice clean property with a great price. The staff helped us with any needs while we were here. There are no elevators, once inside the steps are low and easy to climb."
"We booked 2 double superior rooms when we arrived we only had 1 superior room and 1 double. the double room had no window and was very damp with mold on the walls the bedding was also damp and the pillows had..."
Thai Bao Hotel
158 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"It's a good budget hotel. The harbor view from our 8th floor room was pretty nice and the room was fine. The bathroom wasn't great; poor shower pressure and quite small. On the last day we lost power and with it..."
"If it weren't for the construction it would've been perfect. Vic was upfront about things he had no control over, the construction, but it started about an hour earlier then he said. Fortunately we had no need to..."
Ngoc Anh Hotel
7 reviews
#70 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The receptionist helped us to book a tour to Halong Bay with a reasonable price. When we lost something, he helped us to find as well. Maybe hotel management is yet to be improved, but staff is helpful and nice."
"Really awful, booked a room and when we arrived there was no one at reception. 20 minutes later when someone did arrive they ignore us and began speaking to the other staff in Vietnamese, so we decided to leave..."
Hai Phong Tower
#71 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Just had an excellent stay here during an overnight trip to Hai Phong. Some highlights: - The location is perfect. A block from the train station, walkable to tons of stuff, and a 5-minute ride to most other things..."
"I booked a Room for myself and received a two bedroom apartment. It Is very good choice for fammilies who need a lot of room. Breakfast was i. Japanese restaurant on the top with nice view. Location of the hotel Is..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Bridal Suite
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Visit hotel website
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Tuan Chau Marina Hotel
#3 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"I had a trip to Cong Cruise from Tuan Chau Island last month. I had a great there, thanks. The habour has many cruises around. Cong Cruise is nicest one that I had excellent experiences. Thank you all for the..."
"We were in a rush to find a hotel in Halong Bay in the evening and found this one on Booking.com. The prices were cheap and there were no reviews on this hotel, so we weren't expecting much, but we were not..."
Guesthouse VIP Hoa Lan
16 reviews
#1 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I paid approximately £39 for three nights and had a great time staying here. The owner is called Lan and he is a very friendly guy that made me feel at home while I was there. My room was spacious with new..."
"We arrived in the middle of the night at 3am unannounced and the owner was so kind with us, he gave us a big room and took time to explain everything. Clean room, great vue. Can’t thank you enough for this last..."
Dang Quang Guesthouse
19 reviews
#17 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This hotel was excellent! We arrived without any reservation and they were very welcoming. The room was very clean, well-basic decorated but it had everything you need. The bed was by far one of the most..."
"Do not go there. The owner barely speaks English and takes it to its advantages to let you pay more... The communication is very bad, a real issue, here. This area is not a good idea to have a stop during your trip..."
Victory Hotel
45.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 25 Specialty lodging in Bac Ninh
Missing:Bridal SuiteHotels & Motels
Aroma Suites
1.3 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"The location is fantastic, the view from the suite balcony was the best in town. More important Costs helped us with his great hospitality, recommendations and perfect vibes. So to sum it up vacation at Aroma is..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
Hotels Prices From
$25
Hotels Reviews
233
Hotels Photos
249
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
