Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
THE BEST Hotels with Swim-up Bar in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
4 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Swimup Bar
1. Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
551 reviews
#1 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
2. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#2 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
3. CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#3 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
4. Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#4 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Coron
Coron is a fantastic base for adventure, especially for underwater explorers seeking to dive amid the Japanese shipwrecks of the 1940s. Hop a guided mangrove kayak tour or practice your killer spike on the beach-volleyball court at Atwayan Beach. Jungle treks, horseback tours and island camping will further quench your thirst for the ultimate outdoor experience.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ghaziabad
Named after its founder Ghazi-ud-din, Ghaziabad is a large industrial city in the state of Uttar Pradesh. While Ghaziabad has industries that manufacture railway coaches, diesel engines, bicycles, glassware, pottery etc., its proximity to Delhi also makes Ghaziabad an important satellite city
Port Ghalib
Port Ghalib is the ultimate spot for those in the know, with its perfect blend of relaxation, adventure, and luxury. The beaches are one of the main draws, with golden sands and blue waters that you could spend all your days soaking up. The world beneath the surface is just as stunning—a boat ride takes you to Sataya Reef, where you can explore the vibrant coral reef and swim with dolphins. When you're ready to dry off, Port Ghalib Marina is the go-to for a night out. With yachts, waterfront restaurants, and a Mediterranean vibe, it's ideal for a sunset stroll or fancy dinner.
Nakhon Ratchasima Province
Pantai Tengah
San Juan
Pune District
Gurgaon District
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Missing:Hotels & MotelsSwimup Bar
Can Tho Ecolodge
124 reviews
In Can Tho
#5 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Can Tho Ecolodge lives up to its motto, "comfort, nature, local." This isn't a luxury resort, rather a down to earth place to stay with all the amenities you could possibly need. Being a country girl myself, I felt..."
"It was such a great finding. It's exactly what I was hoping to find to spend a couple of days in Can Tho. The rooms are clean, big and you can see their commitment with sustainability. They heat the water with solar..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Swimup Bar
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
Best Seller
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#4 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
"Great little hotel with lovely suites, although I am unsure what the internal balcony was about. However the staff are really attentive and polite, and as we had skipped breakfast they gave us a box of food to take..."
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#9 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
West Hotel
522 reviews
#10 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Matches:Swimup Bar
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Con Phung Homestay
0 reviews
44.9 miles from Can Tho
Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#5 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
Mekong Riverside Boutique Resort & Spa
315 reviews
25.4 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what team..."
"This resort is in a great position to look out over the fascinating Mekong River with its constant river traffic. I had difficulty on our first night explaining my gluten intolerance and received a disappointing..."
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#14 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
"OK room, swimmingpool and staff. Very hard bed. The staff did not speak english very well and were not that profesional. The breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from. Nice hotel to stay in for one night."
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#16 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#18 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#20 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#23 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#22 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#25 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a rate..."
"Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank..."
Mekong Daniel Bungalow
18 reviews
#24 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this..."
"What a great place ! Daniel the owner & breakfast chef was the most pleasant man to chat with .his morning omelettes we’re to the moon and back .great bungalow room we stayed in 2 nights .clean ,comfortable and the..."
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
Hotels Prices From
$25
Hotels Reviews
683
Hotels Photos
679
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with swim-up bar
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with swim-up bar are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer a gym?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
4 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Missing:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
