Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
My An Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  My An  My An Hotels
My An
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang
My An  
My An Hotels
Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
777 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#3 of 27 hotels in My An
304 Vo Nguyen Giap Ngu Hanh Son, My An, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (758)
Traveler
(693)
Room & Suite
(80)
Dining
(65)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.7
Service
4.8
Value
Located at the sensual My Khe beachfront, Yarra Ocean Suites Danang offers 102 modern rooms overlooking the spectacular waves overlapping the pristine white sand. Inspired by the vibrant Danang coastline, the sweeping oceanfront offers a great view for an extended stay and only steps away from the bustling Danang city life.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Airport transportation
Spa
Rooftop terrace
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Soundproof rooms
Air conditioning
Desk
Housekeeping
Minibar
Cable / satellite TV
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
City view
Non-smoking rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
4.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Romantic
Charming
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 100 out of 100
100
Da Nang Airport
3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
43.6 mi
See all My An rental cars
See all nearby hotels
157 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Ca Chuon Co Vietnamese - Seafood Restaurant.
570
1 min
$$ - $$$
Cafe
IVegan Super Shop
225
4 min
$
The Windsor Tea House
99
5 min
British
Bikini Bottom Express
411
2 min
American
See all nearby restaurants
15 Attractions
Apocalypse Beach Club
95
Bars & Clubs
Marine Sky Bar
24
Danang Night Market
141
Flea & Street Markets
Simple Man Pub
11
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a prime spot close to the beach and local attractions, Yarra Ocean Suites Danang is lauded for its excellent service, with staff who go above and beyond in hospitality. The hotel's cleanliness and amenities, including spotless accommodations and a praised buffet breakfast, consistently impress guests. Rooms are described as clean and spacious with breathtaking sea views, although some guests suggest they might need updating.

While the ambiance is comfortable and inviting, visitors should be aware of possible noise from the nightlife. Overall, the hotel is celebrated for delivering great value.
Convenient
Atmosphere
Lively
Rooms
Spacious
Reasonable
Spotless
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
777
16
Q+A
38
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 628
Very Good 97
Average 25
Poor 12
Terrible 15
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(777)
English(338)
Korean(225)
Vietnamese(133)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsgreat hotelbeach frontexcellent locationswimming poolbeautiful beachda nang cityhotel staffthree nightsnice staffadamosunrisetaxireceptionistkindnessgrabrooftopms
Sort by:
Most Recent
Weihao L wrote a review Feb 2024
Da Nang, Vietnam1 contribution
Great space and service
Room is spacious, staffs are really helpful in attending to my needs. It also has a great ocean view of Da Nang’s beach. There’s a convenience store right around the area too to get whatever essentials you need. It’s not too far away from the central area too so am really satisfied with my stay here!
Read more
Date of stay: February 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Suites Danang Yarra Ocean, Guest Services / Front Office at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
Responded Feb 4, 2024
Dear Weihao L, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
John Reviews wrote a review Feb 2024
5 contributions
Great location and staff
I’ve stayed at Hiltons, Marriotts and Hyatts around the world, and the staff at Yarra are top notch. One employee Tan Hoang was the highlight of our stay, highlighting what hospitality really stands for. Was always able and willing to go above and beyond on making our stay more comfortable and answering any questions. The hotel is across the street from the beach, and behind it is all the foreign restaurants, so many English speaking businesses and food (Mexican, American, French and of course Vietnamese or Korean). There’s a pool on the rooftop, free breakfast with wide selection each morning that changes. Windows of room could be cleaned but I believe it's film placed over them that may need to be removed. Overall highly recommend this hotel at the high value for money paid.
Responded Feb 1, 2024
Dear John Reviews, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Rashmi wrote a review Jan 2024
2 contributions
Amazing room,with 360 degree sea view room. Amazing hospitality,with very cooperative and with good breakfast buffet. We had booked danang bana hills tour from the hotel. Then provided good tour service with reasonable rates. Excellent stay. Would like to come again.
Date of stay: January 2024
Responded Jan 31, 2024
Dear Rashmi, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Hayley C wrote a review Jan 2024
yarra ocean suites da nang
very friendly and helpful staff. we really enjoyed our stay here and will come back in the future. Also great pool and gym facilities. Hotel is right on the beach front and very close to a surf school where you can rent surf boards for cheap or do lessons. breakfast is served at a good time with a good variety of food.
Dear Hayley C, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
hong n wrote a review Jan 2024
1 contribution
We did have great time here
The service really good . We were enjoying the foods . The room is clean . I love the bathroom that they have . They gave us a basket of fruit to welcome us . The view was nice . We can see the beach from our room . The breakfast was nice . They have every food that you want .
Responded Jan 30, 2024
Dear hong n, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
A T wrote a review Jan 2024
Fantastic
Very comfortable beds, water was fantastic, hot actually came out hot. Cold water worked as well. Location is also very convenient if you're looking to go to Marble Mountain. Very flexible and friendly staff. Highly recommend. They were also happy to keep out luggages after checkout, don't worry about their closing time, they are 24/7 check in, check out.
Responded Jan 29, 2024
Dear A T, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
LE T wrote a review Jan 2024
Perfect sea view hotel
Everything perfect！The Sea view room is so attractive and so far so good. The hotel staff also so kind and helpful with great attitude. Especially the location is near the beach front, bar food and market is near and so many choices in here, very recommend
Dear LE T, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Thananya T wrote a review Jan 2024
good room and comfortable with good location
Blanket is so comfortable and the bed. Beautiful view along the beaches. Top view is panoramic sea view. Easy walking to the beaches. Many nice food around. My son enjoyed the stay and staff are very friendly helpful. Will come back again next trip. Like every thing
Response from Yarra Ocean Suites Danang, Dịch vụ khách hàng / Lễ tân at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
Dear Thananya T, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Anne V wrote a review Jan 2024
1 contribution1 helpful vote
Incredible location and beyond exceptional service. Stay here.
We wish we could give 10 stars for the incredibly wonderful staff. We were there for a month and soon felt we had come ‘home’. South east Asia is know for its courtesy but this went beyond anything we have ever experienced. They were there for every need - big or small and often anticipated or remembered our wishes. When we lost a credit card one of the employees automatically walked 5 blocks to a restaurant where we thought it might be. When I lost a stool I needed for when my back was painful they not only found one on line within 20 minutes but had it delivered to the hotel within an hour. They greeted us with warmth and treated us with such genersity of heart. We will never forget them. The hotel is relatively quiet as the beach bars are further north. But don’t…
1 Helpful vote
Responded Jan 28, 2024
Dear Anne V, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Rashini Selvaraju wrote a review Jan 2024
Great Experience
I totally enjoyed my stay here and I love how the place to walkable distance to many shopping spots, most things are accessible. Staffs are accommodating and very friendly. Would definitely book a stay here again and recommend to peers 🤍👍
Responded Jan 27, 2024
Dear Rashini Selvaraju, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the My An area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$25 - $36 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
FORMERLY KNOWN AS
Adamo Hotel
LOCATION
VietnamDa NangMy An
NUMBER OF ROOMS
102
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
YARRA OCEAN SUITES DANANG $31 ($̶4̶1̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - My An, Vietnam
View all photos
(758)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3
mi
43.6
1
min
4
5
2
628
97
25
12
15
All languages
(777)
English
(338)
Korean
(225)
Vietnamese
(133)
Weihao L
Da Nang, Vietnam
Date of stay:
transparency report
John Reviews
Rashmi
Hayley C
hong n
A T
LE T
Thananya T
Anne V
1 helpful vote
We wish we could give 10 stars for the incredibly wonderful staff. We were there for a month and soon felt we had come ‘home’. South east Asia is know for its courtesy but this went beyond anything we have ever experienced. They were there for every need - big or small and often anticipated or remembered our wishes. When we lost a credit card one of the employees automatically walked 5 blocks to a restaurant where we thought it might be. When I lost a stool I needed for when my back was painful they not only found one on line within 20 minutes but had it delivered to the hotel within an hour. They greeted us with warmth and treated us with such genersity of heart. We will never forget them. The hotel is relatively quiet as the beach bars are further north. But don’t
Rashini Selvaraju
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
