Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangHoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
230 reviews
#4 of 120 Food & Drink in Da Nang
Cultural ToursBike ToursFood ToursBus ToursDay Trips
Closed now
7:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Write a review
See all photos
About
Traveling with us, you will have chances to see the real Viet nam that some bigger company programs do not allow you. All the corner of the central Viet nam will be introduced to you, so you can have a unique experience of the special places and make it to be memorable
Da Nang, Vietnam
Contact
Awards
Travelers' Choice
2023
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours and Tickets by Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
31
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
- Have a great drive from Hoi An/ Da Nang to Bana hills, have a view of countryside and mountainous area in Da Nang - Experience…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 100% of travelers
from
$41
per adult
Reserve
Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
24
Historical Tours
4 hours
- A 4 hour for lot of beautiful sightseeing in Da Nang city Discover history of temples, caves.. - Listen to history and…
$36
My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
20
4–5 hours
- A private tour will give you more privacy with your prefered staring time, and you can ask any question, our local guide…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
$37
Private Tour/Transfer to Hue Imperial City from Da Nang/ Hoi An
3
With a full day tour from Hoi An/ Da Nang, you will have a chance to + Enjoy beautiful sightseeing drive along the road…
$67
Hoi An countryside biking tour and water buffalo riding experience (4 hour)
26
Bus Tours
- Cycle around the countryside of Hoi An where you can enjoy rice paddy field, river, shrimp farm, cemetary - Understand…
See More Tours
Travelers talk about
“
my son
”
(10 reviews)
mr vu
(2 reviews)
his english is very good
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice guide
basket boat
bana hills
marble mountain
monkey mountain
hoi
history
hue
sanctuary
vo
driver
bike
company
5.0
Excellent
223
Very good
5
Average
1
Poor
Terrible
0
나은 이
1 contribution
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Fantastic Food traveling
Jul 2023 • Friends
The guide man is so kind and he tried explaining many things using ENG to make us understand hoian traditional food’s story. It was fantastic time that we’ve had!
Review of: Hoi An hidden food evening adventure
Written July 5, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
LK G
Bana hills experience
Friendly and knowledgeable guide, Vu who helped us enjoy Bana hills despite the summer crowd. Gave us a wonderful experience.
Review of: Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
Written July 1, 2023
Giulia G
3 contributions
Must!
Jun 2023 • Couples
Vu was amazing! He is a very good and knowledgeable guide, with lots of stories and facts: definitely recommended!!
Review of: Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
Written June 29, 2023
MPT411
Gloucestershire, UK11 contributions
A guided tour is essential
We wondered whether to try and see the 2 mountains ourselves, or whether to take a guided tour. Thankfully we decided to take the guided tour, and especially so with Vu as our guide.
Seeing the magnificent sites is only part of the experience. Having Vu to explain everything and give us an understanding of the religious aspects, both historical and modern, along with the culture surrounding the visits made this an exceptional 4 hour tour.
Wpuld highly recommend Vu and thiz tour.
Written June 10, 2023
Ed T
La Jolla, CA2 contributions
Great tour with Vu
What a great experience! Vu is such a great tour guide; he speaks English very well, gives interesting tidbits and historical background, and he adapts to whatever pace you are comfortable with.
Written June 6, 2023
Victor H
Great food tour!
The tour was excellent we really enjoyed it. The food choices fenomenal. I highly recommend it. Vu great guy and very knowledgeable.
Written June 5, 2023
Kody T
Canberra, Australia6 contributions
Leg Workout
Jun 2023 • Family
Vu was a fantastic guide, his knowledge was amazing, explaining everything in detail and answering all our questions. He never rushed us and was very patient when we needed to rest between climbing the many tall steps at Marble Mountain, be prepared for the burn. it is all worth it as you get to explore the temples in the caves and if you can push up several more steps you can enjoy a panoramic view. Vu was prompt to reply to email queries, happy to tailor the tour to suit and has excellent english. I highly recommend him when in the Hoi An/Danang area.
Historical Serenity
This tour was sensational, Vu was extremely knowledgable, had excellent english and did not rush you through the area. He happily answered every question we threw his way and was happy to chat about things we queried on the way to My Son. The area is very tranquil and beautiful and the ancient ruins are a highlight. I highly recommend using Vu for your tours when in the Hoi An/Danang area. He responds to emails very quickly and is happy to personalise your tour to your needs, we started this one at 5.30 in the morning to beat the heat and the crowds.
Review of: My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
Delicious and Informative
This tour was fantastic, showcasing many different foods. Our guide Vu was fantastic, he not only explained what the food was and how it was prepared but the history and heritage behind each dish and talked about the families generational connections to the eateries that we visited. Vu was very prompt to reply to emails and his enlish is great. we did a total of 3 tours with him and would highly recommend booking with him.
Tasmin R
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Great day
It was a great experience with Vu, he was a very good man and help me to organise everything for this tour
Written June 4, 2023
…
10
11
12
Showing results 101-110 of 209
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour - All You Must Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Cultural Tours
Bike Tours
Food Tours
Day Trips
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Gloucestershire, UK
11 contributions
La Jolla, CA
2 contributions
Canberra, Australia
6 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
