Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangGolden Bridge
Golden Bridge
773 reviews
#13 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Points of Interest & LandmarksBridges
Open now
12:00 AM - 11:59 PM
Write a review
About
This striking bridge is one of the most photographed spots in Da Nang, located within Ba Na Hills. This 500-foot-long golden bridge appears to be cradled by two gigantic hands amidst the clouds. Get there early in the morning to snap a shot on the bridge without the crowds. It connects the hilltop cable car station to the stunning Paradise Gardens, and you can enjoy breathtaking views of the East Sea and the Annamite Mountains as you cross. Check out the bridge on a guided tour of Ba Na Hills from Da Nang or Hoi An—it usually includes the cable car ride, the French Village, and Fantasy Park as well. – Tripadvisor
Read more
Duration: More than 3 hours
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (1,003)
Top ways to experience Golden Bridge
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingLuxury & Special OccasionsDay Trips & ExcursionsPrivate & Custom Tours
Golden Bridge & Ba Na Hills 1 Day including buffets lunch & 2 ways Cable Car
279
Recommended
Full-day Tours
from $86.90 per adult
Hoi An/ Da Nang - Ba Na Hills - Golden Bridge Deluxe Small group
756
from $91.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Golden Bridge - Ba Na Hills Private Tour
56
Attractions & Museums
from $117.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private transfer from Da Nang city to Ba Na hills for Golden Bridge and Village
45
Transportation Services
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue-Golden Bridge-Hoi An/ Da Nang car Transfer or Vice Versa
85
Historical Tours
from $65.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Early morning Ba Na Hills with the Golden Hand Bridge - Private Tour
10
Street Art Tour
from $135.13 per adult (price varies by group size)
GOLDEN BRIDGE - Early Morning to Avoid Crowds & Take nice Photos
9
from $128.21 per adult
Golden Bridge in both hands daily group trip with guide
from $101.04 per adult
The area
Full view
Best nearby
8 within 3 miles
L'etable
13
0.5 miFrench • Vietnamese
Starbucks Ba Na Hills
18
0.6 mi$$ - $$$ • Quick Bites • Japanese • American
La Lavande Restaurant
15
0.5 mi$
Attractions
4 within 6 miles
Ba Na Cable Car
184
0.6 miTrams
Ba Na Hills
6,583
0.6 miAmusement & Theme Parks
Hot spring Park
59
2.3 miHot Springs & Geysers
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Dao1949
Chiang Mai, Thailand1,578 contributions
Enormous Cement Hands hold Pedestrian Bridge
The Golden Hands Bridge is probably one of the most iconic landmarks in Vietnam! The bridge is slightly curved and supported gracefully by a pair of separate enormous hands. Walking the bridge also provides some of the most scenic and panoramic views of Da Nang city and the valley below. It is an extremely popular tourist attraction and it's usually better to go there early in the morning or after 5 PM to avoid the crowds. There is no admittance fee to walk this bridge.
Visited June 2023
Written July 2, 2023
Carla
Switzerland3 contributions
Fun time
The views very lovely. There were many things to do and you need the whole day to go there. But definitely recommended. It gets very crowded, so it’ll be good to get there early. I strongly recommend to buy the tickets directly there, not with any agency, you can pay with card. You can get there by car (I recommend to use grab) and they’ll leave you at the parking lot and from there you can take a bus (it is free) and it takes you directly to the main entrance. (No cars are allowed to go up, only the tours and the buses).
Visited July 2023
Traveled with family
Written August 31, 2023
Susan C
Melbourne, Australia810 contributions
Don't come just for the bridge
Opened in 2018 this pedestrian bridge that links the cable car with the garden area has become famous for its original design where two hands support the bridge. It looks amazing in photos and has became a big tourist attraction. I was and still am in mixed minds about the attraction. I wanted to see it but knew it would be crowded and undecided whether it was worth the effort. I think it was worthwhile, not just for itself but for what it is part of. It is a pretty unique bridge and the hand sculptures are impressive. It only took us about 20 minutes to walk it and take photos. In addition the cable car, the gardens, pagodas and temples nearby are very pretty too and you get lovely views over the Ba Na Hills. Then you can explore the French town further up and visit the amusements and rides there. We took a tour with Venus Travel. Our guide's advice was to go see the Golden Bridge early in case of rain or fog and this was so right. By 3pm the fog had come in and it would have been obscured. I think we were also very lucky on our day. There was a lunar celebration in Vietnam and the whole park was less crowded than usual.
Visited August 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written September 30, 2023
Danielle
Gold Coast, Australia189 contributions
A mystical bridge set in the clouds, it’s a must see in Vietnam.
BaNa Hills is such a mystical place and the bridge was my favourite. It’s definitely worth booking a night at the Mercure at the top so you can skip the line and go straight up in the hotel cable car. You also get early morning access to the bridge before the crowds arrive by staying at the hotel.
Visited November 2023
Written November 13, 2023
Lee Young Me
Bois Guillaume, France2 contributions
The Golden Bridge in Da Nang is very Sexy
The Golden Bridge in Da Nang, a unique architectural marvel, creates a stunning blend of nature and human ingenuity. Stepping onto the bridge, I am captivated by the breathtaking views of the city and the vast blue sea. The sensation of walking on the sturdy bridge, supported by the giant golden hands of the Bà Nà statue, allows me to feel the connection between history and modernity. The shimmering lights create a mystical atmosphere, especially in the evening when the city glows beneath the warm golden hues. I cannot forget the feeling of the cool sea breeze gently caressing my face while standing in the middle of the bridge. This is not just an artistic masterpiece but also an incredible experience that brings me closer to the natural beauty and culture of Da Nang.
Visited December 2023
Written December 18, 2023
Anneli O
18 contributions
Worth to visit! Reserve a full day!
We went to see the Golden Bridge and realized that this is a big amusement park in fact. There is no point to go by tour - just take a taxi, buy tickets and you are free to explore the area by your own tempo. Its worth to take jackets and/or long sleeve shirt as its up to hill and we happend to be in the clouds - 10 degrees cooler than in Hoi An. Definitely very much worth to visit!
Visited January 2024
Written January 8, 2024
EndlessTravels
Greater Melbourne, Australia35,500 contributions
One of the surprise highlights of da nang
I wasn’t really expecting much after my wife booked tour of the hills but it ended out being a really fun day. The bridge was a bit covered with fog but we still managed to nab some great pics. Tips: patience is key. Time your photos for when u see a gap in visitors or groups The escalator down offers a quick picture perfect photo of bridge. One of the surprisingly best spots to see bridge is near the public toilets
Written January 10, 2024
riceburnergrace
Fort Worth, Texas550 contributions
Meh.
Absolutely no view at all. Was completely foggy and couldn't see anything. Kind of a bummer to drive all this way and take the long tram up to see nothing. Fun to climb around the top and grab a glass of wine.
Traveled with friends
Written January 16, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
cable car
french village
ba na hills
sun world
bana hills
sunny day
take photos
clouds
tourists
cars
vietnam
disneyland
structure
jacket
hue
4.0
Excellent
382
Very good
200
Average
98
Poor
39
Terrible
54
Ken
Ayutthaya Province, Thailand32 contributions
1
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Expensive tourist trap in Amusement
Dec 2019 • Solo
I just got back from traveling near here and I didn't go and I'm glad I didn't. It wasn't until I got to Vietnam that I discovered it's an amusement park and not even a real Bridge! More than that it's completely crowded and ridiculously expensive. Don't do the basketballs either. it's completely staged to an even though it was on a real River It felt like an amusement park as well. They play pop music and have a fisherman who is paid to throw a net in the air on to the water so that you can take a picture of the net in midair. Of course tips are encouraged. If you're a cultural traveler I would skip going to Hoi An... period.
Written January 19, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Wendy G
1 contribution
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Golden bridge
Mar 2020 • Couples
I hired a private driver thru a local travel agency in Hoi An (for 950,000 vmd) to drive me there and wait for me and my husband while we took the gondola up to the bridge.

We arrived around 11am and it wasn't too busy (coronavirus mat have affected this also) but it was filling up quite a bit by 1pm.
I hadn't realized there was so much other stuff to see there - thought the bridge was separate from the theme park but it's actually smack in the middle on the gondola up so I really wish I would have given myself more time there. Had told driver we'd be at meeting point in two hours which isn't a lot of time since the ride up is 17 minutes.
It was a foggy day but I still found the bridge really cool. Had a slight freakout on the gondola ride up once we entered fog. Found it slightly hard to breathe but got thru it lol.
Written March 7, 2020
Steve B
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam747 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Bridge and More
Jun 2020
With tourists from outside of Vietnam not visiting because of the Covid virus, the park is much less crowded in the early morning. We arrived at 8:45 and shared the photo opportunities on the bridge with only a few others. But the tour buses arrived after 9:15, making the rest of our visit to the Buddhas and French village more crowded.
Improved signage would help in getting to the French village. We wanderered around for more than 45 minutes looking for the cable car up.
A shout out to Truong who helped us with transportation to the Tien Toi gate after we took the cable car back down.
Written June 19, 2020
Cockmiester
Ruislip, UK28 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Vietnams version of Disneyland
Feb 2023 • Couples
Please be aware that The Golden Bridge is just a tourist attraction at Vietnams version of Disney Land.
Probably my own fault for not doing proper research, but for some reason I thought this was an old structure made many many years ago. It’s not, it’s just a new structure (fairly impressive) up up in the mountains at a theme park that is still being built.
You get a cable car up 850,000VND (for the cable car and all attractions) & if the weather is good, you’ll get some great views.
If theme parks are your thing, then great, but if you’re expecting culture, then think again.
Only really reviewing this to hopefully stop others making the same mistake we did.
Loved Vietnam though!!!
Written February 28, 2023
Sunshine65097887806
Thank you and we do apology for inconvenience caused. Hope that next time the weather will be better. Kind regards,
Written March 2, 2023
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
NizamMasood
Desaru Coast, Malaysia168 contributions
AVOID AT ALL COSTS
Oct 2023 • Couples
Honestly, Da Nang and the surrounding area is littered with amazing places EXCEPT this. The Golden Bridge had been the poster picture for Vietnam Tourism poster for years but this so called attractions is just a worse place. It is located 20km from Da Nang and I thought I can visit the hand only. I was terribly wrong. Visitors had to pay 900,000 VND to board the cable car to the top before we can enter the viewing area. There are nothing significant, nothing historical and nothing of interest about the hand other than the walkway. Since we pay 900K which includes the whole theme park, we queue to play everything. Honestly, skip this. Not that interesting.
Dear NizamM, Thank you for taking the time to share your detailed thoughts on your recent visit to the Golden Bridge. We genuinely apologize for any disappointment you experienced during your trip. We understand that the expectations set by promotional material may not always align with the actual experience. Your feedback is invaluable to us, and we're actively addressing the concerns you raised. We're working diligently to enhance our attractions, ensuring they not only meet but exceed the expectations of our visitors. Your comments about the pricing structure and the perceived lack of historical significance are duly noted, and we're evaluating ways to make the overall experience more transparent and enriching. We appreciate your patience and understanding as we navigate these improvements. If there's anything specific you'd like to discuss or if you have further suggestions, please don't hesitate to reach out. Your insights are crucial in our ongoing efforts to create memorable experiences for all our guests. Thank you again for your feedback, and we hope you'll consider giving us another chance in the future. Best regards,
Written December 21, 2023
Aug 2023 • Couples
Opened in 2018 this pedestrian bridge that links the cable car with the garden area has become famous for its original design where two hands support the bridge. It looks amazing in photos and has became a big tourist attraction. I was and still am in mixed minds about the attraction. I wanted to see it but knew it would be crowded and undecided whether it was worth the effort.
I think it was worthwhile, not just for itself but for what it is part of. It is a pretty unique bridge and the hand sculptures are impressive. It only took us about 20 minutes to walk it and take photos. In addition the cable car, the gardens, pagodas and temples nearby are very pretty too and you get lovely views over the Ba Na Hills. Then you can explore the French town further up and visit the amusements and rides there.
We took a tour with Venus Travel. Our guide's advice was to go see the Golden Bridge early in case of rain or fog and this was so right. By 3pm the fog had come in and it would have been obscured. I think we were also very lucky on our day. There was a lunar celebration in Vietnam and the whole park was less crowded than usual.
Joe
Budapest, Hungary3,378 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Busy and crowded but also mesmerizing
Nov 2022 • Friends
Golden Bridge in Da Nang really quite an extraordinary sight.  Although ideally you would see it on a sunny day to get it's full magnificence, even on a rainy misty day it was a memorable experience.
This 'hand bridge' has become another in the long list of Da Nang things to do, and rightly so.  Getting a cable car is usually a fun activity to do in itself but here it's just the start.
The huge stone hands are really something.  A great photo opportunity and very popular with people taking pics so you may have to wait before getting a clear view.
There's also a German style beer town, a beautiful garden with colourful flowers and so much more.  A really fun filled day.
Written November 5, 2022
Dec 2023 • Couples
The Golden Bridge in Da Nang, a unique architectural marvel, creates a stunning blend of nature and human ingenuity. Stepping onto the bridge, I am captivated by the breathtaking views of the city and the vast blue sea.
The sensation of walking on the sturdy bridge, supported by the giant golden hands of the Bà Nà statue, allows me to feel the connection between history and modernity. The shimmering lights create a mystical atmosphere, especially in the evening when the city glows beneath the warm golden hues.
I cannot forget the feeling of the cool sea breeze gently caressing my face while standing in the middle of the bridge. This is not just an artistic masterpiece but also an incredible experience that brings me closer to the natural beauty and culture of Da Nang.
Hoang Vo
Da Nang, Vietnam360 contributions
4
Don't come if you're not an instagramer
Nov 2020 • Friends
It's very crowded, like crazy crowded and they don't have any solution to separate, it's kinda dangerous when many people on the bridge. And honestly you can't take a good photo in a bunch of rude tourists.
Even you try to come soon, there's always have guests who stay overnight, also wedding shooting shows. And noone can help you if they're rude and tell you to move for their shots.
And don't come if it's windy or cloudy, you won't see a damn thing.
Written November 5, 2020
Peter S
San Diego, CA339 contributions
2
Beautiful but a bit bizarre
Jan 2020 • Couples
The Golden Bridge is located inside Sun World at Ba Na Hills, which we visited from our hotel in Hoi On, about an hour drive away. It was an interesting visit, to say the least. Sun World is actually a giant amusement park, Vietnam’s answer to Disneyland. We went on the last day of the Tet holiday so the place was packed. You arrive at a large complex at the foot of the mountain. From there you take one of three cable car routes about 5km to the top of the mountain where there are several groupings of sites, at one of which is the golden bridge. On the day we went the mountain happened to be in the clouds, so visibility was extremely poor. The remainder of the huge complex, however, has everything from a faux French Village to multiple buddhist temples and pagodas made to look old. How about a wine tasting cave with a giant pig out front? The mix of experiences was jarring and fascinating. Because of the need to get around to the various sites, you need to leave at least 4 to 5 hours, minimum, at the location. And be prepared for crowds!
Written January 27, 2020
…
Showing results 1-10 of 501
Also popular with travelers
2023
Lady Buddha
4,505
Points of Interest & Landmarks
Linh Ung Pagoda
535
Dragon Bridge
5,905
Points of Interest & Landmarks • Bridges
The Marble Mountains
7,995
Mountains • Points of Interest & Landmarks
Han River Bridge
750
Bridges
Da Nang Catheral
867
Churches & Cathedrals
Now Spa
62
Educational sites • Spas
Sun Wheel
142
Observation Decks & Towers
Phap Lam Pagoda
79
Religious Sites
Ban Co Peak
24
Lookouts
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Golden Bridge - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
Frequently Asked Questions about Golden Bridge
What's the best way to see Golden Bridge?
What hotels are near Golden Bridge?
What restaurants are near Golden Bridge?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Tours & Sightseeing
Luxury & Special Occasions
Day Trips & Excursions
Private & Custom Tours
$86.90
$91.00
$117.00
$39.00
$65.00
$135.13
$128.21
$101.04
0.5 mi
French • Vietnamese
0.6 mi
$$ - $$$ • Quick Bites • Japanese • American
$
Trams
Amusement & Theme Parks
2.3 mi
Hot Springs & Geysers
Chiang Mai, Thailand
1,578 contributions
June 2023
Switzerland
3 contributions
July 2023
with family
Melbourne, Australia
810 contributions
August 2023
as a couple
Gold Coast, Australia
189 contributions
November 2023
Bois Guillaume, France
2 contributions
December 2023
January 2024
Greater Melbourne, Australia
35,500 contributions
Fort Worth, Texas
550 contributions
with friends
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Ayutthaya Province, Thailand
32 contributions
transparency report
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
747 contributions
Ruislip, UK
28 contributions
Desaru Coast, Malaysia
168 contributions
Budapest, Hungary
3,378 contributions
Da Nang, Vietnam
360 contributions
San Diego, CA
339 contributions
