Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Unalome W.
Bangkok, Thailand1,117 contributions
4
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Dirty polluted water
Jul 2023 • Family
Once entered, you can see rubbish floating around already. The water is visibly very polluted from mass tourism and also the industrial plants nearby. Locals dumped rubbish into the bay, the whole bay is very crowded with all the ‘luxury cruise’ releasing oil/petro/smoke into the area. There is no such thing as exclusivity when you have hundreds of ships around you, in fact, those cruises are just floating hotels. They barely cruise anywhere. I think they should limit the number of cruises and visitors per day and teach locals about waste management.
Written July 31, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
JustAnotherVoice
Manchester, UK21 contributions
DISGUSTING SCAMMERS
Feb 2020 • Couples
What a beautiful BEAUTIFUL part of the world to get stuffed over in!

My girlfriend and I turned up to Halong Bay hoping to find many available day, hour, 2, 3 hour cruises as we only had a quick overnight stay before moving south and just assumed there’s be lots of options.
We made the first mistake of booking a night in Tuan Chau - a building site - and then made a very quick second mistake of trusting the first person to throw a ‘private cruise’ at us.
Before you read this and assume we are moronic gullible fools (dispite feeling that way currently) we were very hard to persuade in the first instance and were told that at 1/2pm all the day cruises from the toll had sailed that so we could pay a slight premium and get a boat to ourselves and enjoy everything that the other tours offer, with a couple of beers thrown in.
We made it to the caves and were absolutely blown away. Once we’d boarded the boat to continue we were offered photographs by the young guy on board with the other staff and when my phone was handed to the older, more weathered looking gentleman, with a Vietnamese grumble, he disappeared to the back of the boat. 2 photographs later and I realised my bag was on the lower deck with my wallet in so I ran down, though weathered captain number one tried to stop me, to find the younger seimen running off and my bag pocket open.
Nothing stolen luckily but this commenced an incredibly awkward and horrible 2 hour chug around the islands where we felt hopeless and honestly a little scared.
DO NOT FALL FOR ANY OF THIS. A HORRID EXPERIENCE MADE ALL THE WORSE BY FEELING FOOLISH BY NOT TRUSTING OUR BETTER JUDGEMENT.
I’ve got a picture of the boat in question but I’m sure this isn’t the only vessel trying to pillage while you’re blissfully unaware.
We still don’t know who was in on this - the greasy guy that talked us into paying 3 million dong between us, or whether it was simply the chancing scallywags aboard but either way this will be a tale we will surely be telling for a long long time, for all the wrong reasons.
Written February 22, 2020
Sheetal K
New Delhi, India80 contributions
1
5.0 of 5 bubbles
one day tour independently.
Nov 2019
I will not write about Halong Bay, as you all have read about it a lot on net or in books. It is indeed wonderful. I will tell you how to do it independently from Hanoi. Most probably, you will be residing in or ear old quarters area in Hanoi. If you wish you can have one day organised tour at about 29-30 dollars or you can do it independently also. From Hanoi take city bus no. 34 to My Dinh Bus station. Your hotel will tell you from where to take this bus. It passes through opera house also. From My dinh station, there are my bus companies going to BAI CHAY.. Take such one bus to Bai Chay which costs about 100.000 VDong and about 4 hours. The bus is air-conditioned. when you reach Bai Chay station, from there take a motor bike taxi to the jetty as walking is long distance about 3-4 kms which can waste precious time for a day tripper. At the jetty look for where local people are standing in queue and enquire if it is for cruise tour. Tour operators will pester you with their tours. Get the govt boat tour of about 3-4 hours, and return the same way to Hanoi. But, if wish to avoid all these transfers etc, simply take a organised tour as per your budget, the lowest one starts around 29-30 dollars for a day tour from old quarters with lunch. That is also reasonable. If you travel independtly you travel with locals which is a bonus. Decide yourself. Have a nice time.
Written November 20, 2019
World Traveler
Vancouver, WA101 contributions
Paradise
Mar 2019
What a beautiful place. It's not often you are in a place like this....reminds me of floating islands in Avatar. There are lot of things to do in this area, I recommend you try the kayaking and enjoy the karst cliffs. I didn't see the floating villages though, not sure why it wasn't there. I was told that they were relocated. I also recommend you check out a few of the caves that are in the area. It's definitely worth the walk. I was on a boat that offered food and drinks. What an amazing place.
Written November 19, 2019
Maria M
Perth, Australia886 contributions
You will come back again and again.
Oct 2019
It is just too beautiful and the experience of tranquility when you come to this place, you will like you are a million miles away from all the chaos.
Written November 13, 2019
Cristina T
Seattle, WA173 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Tainted Beauty; let's all stop using plastic water bottles!
Apr 2019
Let's start with the bay is beautiful. I have mixed feelings about recommending it. The natural setting is spoiled by the construction and the garbage.
It is very to focus on the beauty when you see the garbage and specifically the water bottles floating around the bay. The fishermen get paid to collect garbage but obviously not enough. We saw this all over the coast of Vietnam. The beaches were clean in the morning but early afternoon the garbage appeared.
We arranged a tour of the bay and most of the boats offered similar packages with TipTop mountain (very crowded but a nice view), the caves, a visit to the pearl factory (overpriced) and a lunch. The boat was very comfortable since we were only about 16. The tour picked us at the Pier (we came on a cruise ship) and took us to the island where all the tour boats depart. There was so wait time but it was all in all pretty efficient.
When done we took a tour of Halong bay on land. Nothing to see except ugly buildings and an amusement park that I hope has seen better days. I would not recommend staying in Halong Bay overnight.
The construction in Halong bay is surreal: a lot of empty buildings waiting for the big boom of some sort. I would say just go before it is too late and it is totally taken over by mass tourism. If you have been to Phuket and wonder how it compares: I would say that Phuket was not as dramatic in terms of landscape but it was more beautiful.
Enjoy while it is enjoyable!
Written October 1, 2019
david w
Melbourne, Australia13 contributions
Doubt you could find a better cruise around Halong Bay
Sep 2019
Superb cabin,Great activities,Cycling,Swimming,Kayaking,Friendly Helpful crew members,Yummy food.And not to many other people what more could you ask for. Highest Recommendation.
Written September 14, 2019
michela c
Milan, Italy46 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
great view BUT
Aug 2019
sooooooo polluted. everything is devastated. we couldn't swim because of several hooks and several big dead fishes. it's been awful. too many tourist (despite was August and not December) and too many plastic everywhere. it's a sin.
Written September 4, 2019
Zach95014
Cupertino, CA49 contributions
3
Sapphire Cruise - Great, not Amazing
Jul 2019 • Couples
Halong Bay Information:
We took a short, 2 day, 1 night cruise through the bay. Unfortunately, when we came in July, it was incredibly overcast and foggy/cloudy during the first day.
Yes, there is trash in the water, but it's not as much as people are pointing out here. This is not an excuse to not be good stewards of the earth and to clean up and be conscious of the nature reserve, especially as a UNESCO site, but it definitely wasn't as bad as I thought it was going to be.
The cruise that we went on also didn't have that many boats around us - we only had a handful of other cruise ships that we could see, so it didn't feel like we were being overcrowded or too touristy in the area that we went to, which was nice.
The second day, early in the morning when it became more clear, the bay was much more stunning and spectacular than the first. Definitely, a clear day makes the bay an incredible site to see, and definitely a must-do if you're able to get there.
Swimming in the water was nice - the water is incredibly warm, which I would think poses a problem to the wildlife there, but it wasn't as gross as other reviewers make it out to be. It isn't as clear as a tropical island, but what do you expect? The size of the bay is bigger than Singapore, and with so much tourism + industrial boats coming through, it's not going to be a pristine lake.
Kayaking was nice - you don't need too long, maybe a couple of hours, to fully grasp the feeling of the place. Unless there are specific islands to see or places to go, seeing 2 or 3 of the islands felt like enough.
Cruise Tour Information:
We booked a cruise tour with Halong Bay Cruise Hunters, who seemed to arrange the tour through VietnamOpenTour. We were picked up from our hotel in Hanoi for our (2 people) 2 day, 1 night cruise.
It took about 2 hours to get from Hanoi to the harbor, where we transferred our stuff to a smaller boat. The smaller boat took us to our ship, the Sapphire Cruise. It was a 3-star cruise, with a clean room with working AC and a generously sized bathroom. We also received a small balcony to look out, which was nice.
We arrived on the boat around 1 PM, where we were served lunch. We went out kayaking for an hour and swimming in the bay for an hour, both of which were nice. Kayaking for an hour seemed to be OK - once you've seen one or two of the islands, that's really enough, unless you're specifically looking for something else. Swimming for an hour was also about enough - we were able to jump off the boat a few times, get some great pictures, and enjoy the water, which was quite warmer than the California ocean waters I'm used to.
The dinner was fantastic, and we were able to go squid fishing (which was just fishing with a bamboo rod and a bare lure) off the side. Pro Tip: turn off the lights to have a better chance of catching squid.
The next morning, we got an early start (activity start at 7:30 AM) where we sat in a boat while some locals rowed the boat through a cave and around a small cove.
We returned back to the main cruise ship for some brunch, and then headed back to the harbor.
The cruise was quick, but felt like just enough time. I think that if we had done one more day, we would've experienced more of the same.
Written July 17, 2019
Lisa.strobel
Cologne, Germany5 contributions
Do not go!
Jul 2019 • Friends
Worst, most touristy place ever!! Just do not go and do something else:) No one on the tour had any fun.
Written July 14, 2019
…
41
42
43
Showing results 411-420 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Bangkok, Thailand
1,117 contributions
transparency report
Manchester, UK
21 contributions
New Delhi, India
80 contributions
Vancouver, WA
101 contributions
Perth, Australia
886 contributions
Seattle, WA
173 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
13 contributions
Milan, Italy
46 contributions
Cupertino, CA
49 contributions
Cologne, Germany
5 contributions
