Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Vacation Rentals
Cancel my vacation rental booking
Go to your Inbox and open the payment receipt for the booking.
If you want to make a change to your booking, including editing dates or number of guests, you don’t have to cancel. Contact the owner with your request by sending them a message. They might be able to make the changes online.
Before canceling your booking, please read the Cancellation policy, which outlines the cancellation conditions. You will be shown the cancellation timeline for your booking and if you will be due a refund. By canceling, you agree to the conditions of the owner’s cancellation policy, you can view this in the booking receipt.
If you do decide to cancel, select Cancel booking and follow the instructions. Once your booking has been canceled you’ll receive a confirmation email.
If your holiday wasn’t booked through our website then you’ll need to contact the property owner/manager directly to cancel your booking.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Booking Cancellations
We get it, plans change! In most cases, you can cancel your booking for a full refund up to 1 day before your activity. However, please check the “Terms and Conditions” section of your ticket for the detailed cancellation policy for your specific activity.

Cancel my booking request for a vacation rental property
If you'd like to withdraw a booking request that hasn't yet been accepted, you'll need to ask the property owner/manager directly.
Make changes to my vacation rental booking
Changing dates or number of people
If you paid through our website
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
Go to your
Inbox
and open the payment receipt for the booking.
Before canceling your booking, please read the
, which outlines the cancellation conditions. You will be shown the cancellation timeline for your booking and if you will be due a refund. By canceling, you agree to the conditions of the owner’s cancellation policy, you can view this in the booking receipt.
If you do decide to cancel, select
and follow the instructions. Once your booking has been canceled you’ll receive a confirmation email.
