Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Reco
Community Guidelines

As the place where Trip Designers (referred to in our Terms of Use as “Suppliers”) craft unique adventures for the modern traveler, Reco is based on human connections.
In order to make these connections as safe, productive, and fun as possible, we have established Community Guidelines that convey our core values and identify the best way to engage on our platform (defined to in our Terms of Use as the “Platform”). Unless otherwise noted, these guidelines apply to both travelers (defined in our Terms of Use as “Customers”) and Trip Designers.
It is important that you carefully review the terms and conditions set forth in Reco’s Terms of Use found here (https://www.helloreco.com/legal/terms); additionally, Suppliers should also carefully review the terms and conditions set forth in their Reco Supplier Agreement. In the event of a conflict between these Community Guidelines and the Reco Terms of Use and/or the Supplier Agreement, the terms and conditions in both the Reco Terms of Use and the Reco Supplier Agreement shall control (i.e., take precedence) over those set forth in these Community Guidelines.
As Reco grows, we will strive to evolve and improve our community. As a result, we will update these guidelines to reflect our shared experiences. You are an important part of that evolution, so please do not hesitate to contact us (support@helloreco.com) if you have questions or suggestions.
Being authentic
You may only represent yourself on Reco. Do not impersonate others.
Do not share any material that belongs to others, has been plagiarized or copied, or is subject to trademark or copyright protection, without the express permission of the owner.
Communicating respectfully
Treat everyone on the Reco platform with respect.
Be welcoming and friendly in your communications, but keep it professional.
Do not speak about or treat others disrespectfully for any reason, but especially not because of their race, gender, religion, sexual orientation, gender identification, or nationality.
Strive to respond to communications in a timely manner, and be understanding when others may take longer than desired to reply.
Proactively communicate when you may have periods of unavailability and create a plan to mitigate the impact.
Trip Designers should keep their availability up to date at all times. When unavailable, they should update their status via the Reco platform so that they are not surfaced in search results.
Reco is not a dating platform. Please avoid any communications of a romantic nature, as they are a basis for permanent removal from the Reco community.
Refrain from discussing controversial topics, such as politics.
Do not use vulgar, profane, or otherwise insulting language.
Do not share vulgar or sexually explicit text, photos, or videos.
Do not harass, bully, stalk, or threaten other Reco users online or in person.
Safeguarding sensitive information
Do not share or request that personal financial information, such as credit card numbers, be shared via chat on the Reco platform. The best way to share financial information is by phone.
Unless required for trip planning purposes, please refrain from sharing information or asking questions about gender, sexual preference, religion, or nationality.
Getting the most from the trip design process
For travelers
Travelers should share as much relevant information and be as accurate as possible in their communication with Trip Designers.
When changes arise in a traveler’s plans, the traveler should notify the Trip Designer as soon as possible and understand that it may not be possible for the Trip Designer to accommodate significant and/or last-minute changes.
The relevant information that travelers should consider sharing includes, but is not limited to, trip details (e.g., destination(s), dates, party size, budget), existing bookings, trip goals and aspirations, and accessibility considerations.
For Trip Designers
Trip Designers should strive to understand their Customers’ needs, constraints, and goals so as to craft unique itineraries that satisfy.
Trip Designers should respect their Customers’ budgets. It is acceptable for Trip Designers to suggest more expensive options; however, Reco is an inclusive platform, and Trip Designers should not employ high-pressure sales tactics.
Where a Trip Designer is asked to create an itinerary (referred to in the Terms of Use as a “Travel Itinerary”), the Supplier should be willing to create a few different iterations of such until the Customer has been reasonably satisfied.
Where a Trip Designer has created an itinerary pursuant to a Customer request, the Trip Designer should be open and transparent about why they selected each of the items set forth in such itinerary, and are required to clearly disclose to the Customer whether the Trip Designer is being compensated for any of them (and, if so, which).
Engaging in prohibited and illegal activities
Do not describe, depict, request, advocate for, or encourage participation in prostitution, human trafficking, or any activities that are illegal under local law.
Meeting in person
We do not encourage meeting in person. However, if you agree to meet someone from the Reco platform in person, please be careful and take common-sense precautions. For example, do not go alone, notify others of your plans, and set a public meeting place.
Leaving honest reviews
The integrity of the content provided is of the utmost importance to Reco users and Reco itself. As such, Trip Designers may not offer or accept any incentives (monetary, upgrades, preferential treatment, or otherwise) in return for reviews submitted on the Reco platform or on other review platforms (e.g., Tripadvisor). Any violations of this fundamental policy will result in one or more actions, including removal of content, penalties applied to the Trip Designed and/or the Trip Designer’s employer’s listings, and removal from the Reco platform.
Circumventing the Reco platform
All written communication should be limited to the Reco platform.
Do not attempt to connect with anyone that you met on the Reco platform by other methods in order to avoid payment of fees or for any other reason.
Finding the good out there
It’s a big world, and there’s a lot of good out there. We hope that Reco helps you explore, discover, learn, laugh out loud, get goosebumps, stand awestruck in the face of unspeakable beauty, befriend, reconnect, and – above all – create unforgettable memories.
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
here
contact us
