Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Explore unseen Mekong with locals., Can Tho
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Hotels near Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
View map
Hotels near Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
38 Mau Than, Can Tho 94000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
Popular
4 stars
13
Breakfast included
36
& up
55
Budget
15
Property types
Resorts
All-inclusives
B&Bs & Inns
+96
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
60
Pool
24
Free parking
47
Distance from
25+ mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
23
76
79
Hotel class
5 stars
2
3 stars
19
2 stars
9
Style
Mid-range
33
Luxury
6
Family-friendly
21
Show more
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
1
Sheraton
373 of 1,242 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.

31. Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
336 reviews
85 Chau Van Liem | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#31 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...”
32. Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
3 Hoa Binh Boulevard, Can Tho, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.”
33. Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
1 Ngo Quyen | P. Tan An, Ninh Kieu Quay, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
1.4 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#33 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...”
34. Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
141 Tran Van Kheo Street, Cai Khe Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...”
35. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
No. 2 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
1.5 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#35 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...”
36. Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
55 Phan Dinh Phung St, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...”
37. West Hotel
522 reviews
88-90-92 Hai Ba Trung Street, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...”
38. Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
551 reviews
Area E1, Cai Khe River Islet, Cai Khe Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 008471, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...”
39. Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
1A Ngo Gia Tu St, Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 0710, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…”
40. Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
91 Chau Van Liem, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...”
41. Kim Khanh Hotel
4 reviews
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...”
42. Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
42 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…”
43. Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
1 review
94 Nguyen An Ninh, Can Tho, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
44. International Hotel
55 reviews
6-8-10-12 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...”
45. Lan Vy Hotel
14 reviews
97D Pham Ngoc Thach St. | Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all…”
46. Thanh Nhan Hotel
75 Chau Van Liem Street, Ninh Kieu Quay, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...”
47. Khach Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
S_ 02, Hai Ba Trung, P.Tan An, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...”
48. Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
Song Hau, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.7 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#48 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...”
49. Peony Hotel
31 Du_ng Chau Van Liem, Can Tho, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…”
50. Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
9C Tran Phu, Cai Khe Ward, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#50 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...”
51. Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
10 Duong Hai Ba Trung | Tan An, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...”
52. Anh Thu Hotel
Le Loi Avenue, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from...”
53. Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
No.8 Xuan Thuy St, Cai Son & Hang Bang Ar., Zone 2, An Binh Ward, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…”
54. Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
S8 05 Hai Ba Trung, Can Tho, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...”
55. Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
02 Nguyen Van Cu Street | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.8 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#55 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...”
56. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu | Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
1.9 miles from Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
#56 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...”
57. Hotel Phuc Long 2
15 Dien Bien Phu Phuong An Lac, Quan Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
58. Asia Hotel
33 reviews
91 Chau van Liem Street | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…”
59. Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
35 Ngo Duc Ke St, Can Tho, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
“I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...”
60. Monaco Hotel
2 reviews
63 Du_ng Nguy_n Ng_c Bich, Can Tho, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,242 places to stay in Can Tho
Previous
Next
123456…
Explore unseen Mekong with locals.
373 of 1,242 properties
Clear all filters
85 Chau Van Liem
Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho 92000,
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it
looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
3 Hoa Binh Boulevard
Can Tho,
The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
The location is perfect, right in the city
center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
1 Ngo Quyen
P. Tan An, Ninh Kieu Quay
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome
cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
141 Tran Van Kheo Street, Cai Khe Ward, Ninh Kieu District
the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...
the staff is friendly and the room is big, many
choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...
No. 2 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho 900000,
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing
short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
55 Phan Dinh Phung St
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the
Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
88-90-92 Hai Ba Trung Street
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel
is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
Area E1, Cai Khe River Islet, Cai Khe Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho 008471,
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms
lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
1A Ngo Gia Tu St, Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho 0710,
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to
the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
91 Chau Van Liem, Ninh Kieu
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho –
walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
Not too far from the river and the different
eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
42 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit
stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
94 Nguyen An Ninh
6-8-10-12 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
Great location in very center of Can Tho City,
and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
97D Pham Ngoc Thach St.
Ninh Kieu
It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all…
It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major
hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all…
75 Chau Van Liem Street, Ninh Kieu Quay
Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...
Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes,
restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...
S_ 02, Hai Ba Trung, P.Tan An
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu
Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
Song Hau, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is
fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
31 Du_ng Chau Van Liem
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near
the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
9C Tran Phu, Cai Khe Ward
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did
well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
10 Duong Hai Ba Trung
Tan An
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We
are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
Le Loi Avenue
I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from...
I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to
go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from...
No.8 Xuan Thuy St, Cai Son & Hang Bang Ar., Zone 2, An Binh Ward
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place
and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
S8 05 Hai Ba Trung
Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...
Second time I've stay here as a solo, female
traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...
02 Nguyen Van Cu Street
I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at
the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu
Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort.
Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
15 Dien Bien Phu Phuong An Lac, Quan Ninh Kieu
91 Chau van Liem Street
Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…
Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this
hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…
35 Ngo Duc Ke St
I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...
I did not actually book this hotel but the tour
company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...
63 Du_ng Nguy_n Ng_c Bich
3
4
5
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
