Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayKayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Kayaking & Canoeing
Kayaking & Canoeing in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
1,000+ places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,621
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Adventure Tours
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beache…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$125
3. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
1,438
6–12 hours
Get out on the water and escape the crowds on land during a cruise that offers the best views of Halong Bay. Ideal for first…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$50
4. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
1,669
Our boats start from Cat Ba island, which is more beautiful and more interesting than Ha Long city. We avoid the crowd, …
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$157
5. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
537
6+ hours
Escape Hanoi and discover Ha Long Bay, the Ha Long Warf, Sung Sot Cave, and the tranquil Ti Top Island. Kayak at Luon Cave…
6. PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
415
Lunch Cruises
9–11 hours
Halong Bay 1-day tour is for travelers who have little time and want to experience the most beautiful part of the Bay.  …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$82
2023
7. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Full-day Tours
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
$38
8. (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
413
Bus Tours
Our Cruise is a top-of-the-line cruise experience that offers guests an amazing Tour that allows you to experience the local…
$145
9. 2 Days Era Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay from Hanoi
4
Kayaking Tours
We offer 2-day tours, allowing travelers to explore iconic attractions like Sung Sot Cave, Ti Top Island, Trinh Nu Cave, …
$334
10. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
3 days
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
SPECIAL OFFER
11. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
652
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$52$47
12. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
13. Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
74
8–9 hours
The Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Island offers a distinctive itinerary on a spacious cruise, featuring a plethora of …
$35
14. Hanoi: Ninh Binh Tour and Ha Long Bay Cruise 3-Day Trip
92
A trip three days would not be completed without a tour to breathtaking Ha Long Bay or the bay of descending dragons that…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$250
15. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
11–12 hours
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
16. Halong Bay 2D1N Traditional Boat All Inclusive Suppring Cave,Titop,Luon Cave
583
Embark on an enchanting 2 days, 1 night voyage through the mystical waters of Halong Bay, where luxury meets natural beauty…
$125$110
17. Cong Cruise Full-day Explore Halong Bay
3
6–7 hours
We provide a comprehensive 7-hour itinerary, allowing guests to immerse themselves in the stunning landscapes of Ha Long…
$69
18. (All Inclusive 5-STAR) Amanda Cruise 2 Days 1 Night - Ha Long Bay
330
Our Cruise is the FIRST and ONLY 5-star cruise ship in Ha Long to offer a 2-day-1-night itinerary exploring unspoiled spots…
$189
19. CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
545
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beaches…
20. Diamond Halong 5-Star Day Cruise,Cave,Kayak,Jacuzzi Pool,Buffet
134
You will admire the beauty of Halong Heritages with Diamond luxury 5-star cruise which has a luxurious and elegant design…
$52
12 Unique Ways to Experience Nashville Culture
There's so much more to Nashville than what meets the eye—and it's all ripe for discovery. Immerse yourself in local culture with tailored experiences for all types of travelers, from the history buff to the adventurous explorer. Unique neighborhoods, eccentric eateries, world-renowned performance venues, and immersive tours only begin to cover all there is to do and see. Venture beyond Broadway, and experience Nashville like never before.
View now
21. Lan Ha Bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, Swimming at the pristine places
115
Cruising in Lan Ha bay Visiting pristine places in Lan Ha bay Do kayaking & Swimming at the Ba Trai Dao Beach Do biking…
$140
22. Luxury Lan Ha Bay Full Day Boat tour from Cat Ba island
210
Small group tour for max 25 people Our tour will go to all less touristy area of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay We have the…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$48
23. Full-Day Halong Bay 5 Stars Luxury Cruise Tour with Buffet Lunch
The best way to explore Halong Bay is book a tour with cruise. We are proud that we are the best 5 stars luxury cruise day…
$70
24. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
25. Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Cable Car Tours
Many options at this tour if you click and check availability. We have tours to Lan Ha Bay, Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay. # …
$299
26. Bai Tu Long bay Luxury Cruise 2D/1N: Less touristy places, Kayaking, full meals
18
Cruising in Halong bay & Bai Tu Long bay Visiting deeply Bai Tu Long bay where less touristy Visiting Vung Vieng fishing…
$180
27. Amazing day - Boat trip discover real Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay
24
Swimming
For every one who whould love to visit the real Ha Long bay, one of seven natural wonders of the world, activities include…
$25
28. BEST SELLER 3-Day Halong Bay Cruise, Lan Ha, Cat Ba National Park
47
Why do you choose this tour? 1. Connecting UNESCO World Heritage Sites and the world's most famous natural wonders on a…
Recommended by 91% of travelers
$166
29. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
242
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$109
30. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
$126
1
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 1,048
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Go628771
3 contributions
A fun full on itinerary
Cozy Bay cruise is a great way to see Ha Long Bay. The boat itself has seen better days but our room on board was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was hot. You could lay on the bed and have a wonderful view of the bay from the window. It’s a full on itinerary and you do feel a bit like you’re on the tourist conveyer belt when you visit the caves. But they’re worth it - very impressive and it’s a huge cave system. But what really makes this trip is the hospitality and hard work of the staff and the excellent and abundant food. You do have to pay for drinks and they served some fancy cocktails. It will also depend on the group you’re with - we had a young backpacker crowd on our boat and we were by far the oldest. They were a lively lot and this made it very entertaining - especially watching those that wanted to perform karaoke. You also get to go kayaking and you get a cookery class! Mr Lee was our host and he was always polite helpful and cheerful. In my opinion this trip is great value for money. The only sad part is the amount of rubbish on the water. We did see one small boat collecting it but they need to keep this beautiful water clean for visitors and wildlife to continue to enjoy.
Read more
Review of: CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
Written March 8, 2024
Never Again
What a DAY
Phong - Our tour guide was beyond amazing.

He provided a thorough iteneary as soon as everyone got on the bus.
He was very engaging with the crowd and kep it very entertaining.
I really enjoyed learning the history of Ha Long Bay and loved the legend.
I highly recommend this trip and make sure you get Phong as your tour guide
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
Written March 7, 2024
Georg P
1 contribution
100% recommend this tour
Amazing tour! Perfect mix of activities and time to enjoy the stunning views! We were amazed how few other tourists we saw since Hang, our guide, knew exactly when and where to go to avoid the crowds. The food was crazy good, we‘ve rarely seen that big of a variaty for vegetarian food.
Big thanks once more to our guide Hang, who was always cheerful, helpful and explained a lot about vietnamese culture and the nature.
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
Written March 9, 2024
Gek A
Halong Bay one day trip!
It was a great trip to halong guided by mr. sunny funny! i thought it was gonna be tiring for me to join a tour but it was a pleasant trip. recommended the trip leaded by mr sunny!
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
anandu a
Los Angeles, CA26 contributions
Halong Bay Great Tour
We booked a private tour with a group of friends on our cruise stop in halong bay. Didn’t know what to expect but we are so happy we booked this tour. Robert was amazing from start to finish, very communicative and responsive. He was extremely patient because the number of participants kept changing and he worked with us to put together a program that would maximize the time we had in port.
He met us at the pier and got us a magnificent boat, boat was new and spotless. We sailed through the beauty of the bay and also had a stop at the caves. The Thien Cung cave was truly magical and so beautiful. We also had the chance to kayak if we wanted to and also had the bamboo boat experience.
This is a really really nice tour but was made that much more special by Robert’s professionalism and attentiveness. Thank you so much for making a stay here very memorable and special, we really had a great time !
Review of: PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
Written March 3, 2024
Cyril M
The best of all our trips in Vietnam
We absolutely loved the tour organised by Cat Ba Ventures. It was so much fun with jumping off the boat from roughly 5meters high and did some flips. The kayaking was phenomenal to see amazing stalactites and stalagmites in caves and serene lagoons. Hang was the best and also the highlight of our trip who made this trip special. It worths paying extra money than 32$!
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
Sara
Sydney, Australia1 contribution
Good experience
Jack cruise was a great experience. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. Would highly recommend. Dragon was great :)
Review of: (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
dixie m
Kayaking through hidden wonders
One of the highlights of the trip was the opportunity to engage in activities like kayaking and exploring hidden caves. The crew ensured our safety while allowing us to immerse ourselves in the natural wonder around us. As the sun set over the karst formations, we found ourselves in awe of the sheer beauty that surrounded us.
Review of: 2 Days Era Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay from Hanoi
Written February 21, 2024
Илья Ф
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
Shruti
Best experience
It was an amazing trip! Sunny was a great host, very funny and engaging! Highly recommend this trip for Halong Bay! We booked via Get Your Guide
Review of: Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
Lovi N
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Robert F
12 contributions
Great experience, quality equipment and service
We had taken a two day, one night cruise to Lan Ha Bay with another company, and enjoyed the experience. We had an extra day at Cat Ba so we tried a one day cruise with Serenity. Most impressive! The boat was modern and well presented. It had multiple levels inside and out, offering great variety of relaxation and observation. The tour leader, Phuc, was lively and engaging. The lunch was EXCELLENT. Big choice, lots of food!
Importantly, their kayaks and life vests were virtually new and of good quality, unlike others we observed. Also, they followed a different route to other boats, so we saw a lot more of Lan Ha Bay.
The activities were well planned. We tried the kayaking, but I ran into difficulties part way through. Phuc IMMEDIATELY assisted me, returning me to a waiting rowboat and helping me on board. This company is really focussed on the safety of their clients.
The price was very reasonable given the quality of service, food and activities. I can HIGHLY recommend Serenity. It was a breeze to book this through TripAdvisor, too. All Done before we left Australia and tickets, etc all done digitally.
Review of: Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
Written March 6, 2024
sri y
8 contributions
Nature, Culture and People
Well organized trip. Pickup @ hotel by Leo, punctual and informative. Welcomed by Tom @Eco Lodge, helpful and very friendly. Mr. Ha was the manager of Aspira, very patient and source of information.
Review of: Hanoi: Ninh Binh Tour and Ha Long Bay Cruise 3-Day Trip
Written January 17, 2024
Gašper
4 contributions
Recommended trip to Halong bay in one day
Beautiful trip, very good guide. The van was very comfortable to go to Halong Bay. Everything was as in the tour program. The ship was very nice and a good lunch on it. We have seen many things and drove in a canoe boat. It was a long and amazing trip.
Review of: Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
Written January 1, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Kayaking & canoeing in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
$47
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
$110
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Los Angeles, CA
26 contributions
Sydney, Australia
