Skip to main content
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hai Phong TourismHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Bed and BreakfastHai Phong Vacation RentalsFlights to Hai PhongHai Phong RestaurantsThings to Do in Hai PhongHai Phong Travel ForumHai Phong PhotosHai Phong Map
Hotels
All Hai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotel DealsLast Minute Hotels in Hai PhongBy Hotel TypeBy Hotel ClassBy Hotel BrandPopular AmenitiesPopular Hai Phong CategoriesNear LandmarksNear AirportsExplore more top hotelsPopular Hotel Categories
Hai Phong MotelsHai Phong HostelsRomantic Hotels in Hai PhongHai Phong Family HotelsHai Phong Green HotelsHai Phong ResortsHai Phong Beach HotelsHai Phong Business HotelsHai Phong CasinosHai Phong Spa ResortsHai Phong Luxury Hotels
4-Star Hotels in Hai Phong3-Star Hotels in Hai Phong5-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
Accor Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Free ParkingPet Friendly Hotels in Hai PhongHai Phong Hotels with Pools
Budget Hotels in Hai PhongHai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free roomsHai Phong Hotels with SaunaHai Phong Hotels with Valet ParkingHai Phong Hotels with EV ChargingHai Phong Yoga HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Breakfast BuffetHai Phong Hotels with Rooftop PoolHai Phong Hotels with Rooftop BarHai Phong Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels near Cat Ba IslandHotels near Cat Ba Smile ToursHotels near Hospital CaveHotels near Lan Ha BayHotels near Cat Ba National ParkHotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba islandHotels near Cat Ba Panorama TravelHotels near Halong Capella CruiseHotels near Langur's AdventuresHotels near Cat Co 1 Beach
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)Motels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Mack's Inn ResortThe Laura Hotel, Houston Downtown, Autograph CollectionCanyon of the Eagles Nature Park & ResortOak Bay Beach HotelThe Sound Hotel Seattle Belltown Tapestry Collection by Hiltonhub by Premier Inn London Spitalfields, Brick Lane hotelThe ManchesterCache Creek Casino ResortThe GoreHampton Inn Boston Seaport DistrictThe Leela Palace New DelhiBashati Bay ResortGanita Holiday VillageThe ShayGranbell Hotel Colombo
Popular All-Inclusive ResortsPopular Beach ResortsPopular Family ResortsPopular All-Inclusive HotelsPopular Hotels With WaterparksPopular Honeymoon ResortsPopular Luxury ResortsPopular All-Inclusive Family ResortsPopular Golf ResortsPopular Spa ResortsPopular Cheap Resorts
Things to DoRestaurantsFlightsVacation RentalsTravel StoriesCruisesRental Cars
ToursAdd a PlaceTravel ForumAirlinesTravelers' ChoiceHelp Center
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Steam Room in Hai Phong
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
4.0 of 5 bubbles& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
5.0 of 5 bubbles
3.0 of 5 bubbles& up
2.0 of 5 bubbles& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Sort
Filter • 2
Map
Here are properties that match some of your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Properties ranked using exclusive Tripadvisor data, including traveler ratings, confirmed availability from our partners, prices, booking popularity and location, as well as personal user preferences and recently viewed hotels.
Traveler Ranked
Highest rated hotels on Tripadvisor, based on traveler reviews.
Distance to city center
See properties located closest to the center first with confirmed availability for your dates from our partners
Steam Room
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Steam Room
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
6 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#15 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view..."
"We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good..."
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
In Hai Phong
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
25.2 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
Catba Dung Lien Hotel
11 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#30 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great."
"The hotel was open a week ago Such a great place. The managers are awesome. Right aftet we booked a room he called us to ask about special requests. The rooms are big and new and the hotel is located very close to..."
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#31 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
Skyrest Cat Ong
#2 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"My holiday was almost perfectly by their operating the bungalow with overseas view where we could have the lovely night together, chilled out on yard with BBQ's friends party and sang karaoke. Our guide whom I've..."
"I would rate 5 stars not because their services worth 5 stars in terms of common ground but because of what we've paid and had lots of fun here with new friends Salsa and Golva. Especially thank to Dan, our..."
Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and toilet..."
"Sadhu garden inn is a bit further from Cat Ba town which can be inconvenient if you don't like to walk 30 minutes for food but the location is right in the nature with mountains around you so very relaxing. They..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Top Rated
This is one of the highest rated properties in Cat Ba
Alibaba's Hotel
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre..."
"I spent two night at the Alibaba’s hotel and it was all perfect. The room was really big, clean and with an amazing view on the port and the bay. The location it’s really convenient because is one minute walking..."
Anh Khoi Hotel
#3 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying in..."
"Stayed 2 nights at family run Anh Khoi hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice window overlooking Cat Ba bay. We also booked a guided kayaking tour to see the bay. Thanks Vuong for a great and warm..."
Tran Chau Garden home
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a..."
"This is probably the very best place to stay on Cat Ba, situated just a couple of miles outside the town. A dozen cabins furnished in zen-like simplicity surrounding a lovely garden landscape. Peaceful and quiet..."
Lee Apartment & Hotel
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Golden Land Hotel
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and good..."
"Exactly what my partner and I were after, clean and tidy, accurate to what was advertised and the owners were lovely people. The view of the adjacent lush mountain was such a nice surprise, waking up to the sounds..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
#39 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom..."
"The staff is very nice, the room is clean with good WiFi, hot water and AC. Breakfast could be better (but it's already better than other hotels around). Need to double check the location, because the address is..."
Momizi Hotel Hai Phong
3 reviews
#58 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"that was funny trip , room equipment normal but the staff is good .They are really nice, thought im gona die when i got stomachache but the guy he gave me menth for free and take care me of me .Got dam..n you save..."
"it was a wonderful trip，thought I was alone in Vietnam，but I stayed with the hotel staffs a lot，we talked and ate，I didn't feel lonely.The staff can speak English is really good，I have stayed at the hotel above 30..."
Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
2 reviews
#40 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
8 reviews
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
#36 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included..."
"This is an old hotel at the end of the main strip of Cat Ba Town. It is an old outdated hotel, but the Reception lady was very helpful and most polite and courteous. So is the lady in charge of motorbike rental from..."
Hai Phong Star Hotel
#62 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I have stayed there for 2 months and I love it. Honestly, it's not the kind of luxury hotel you would expected if you are into suite hotel. However, you ought to love the tranquil atmosphere of this place. At first..."
"Stayed here for over an year on a long term rental arrangement. The hotel is a bit old but rooms are spacious and clean. There is a nice garden to walk around in the premises. There is a Tennis court to play inside..."
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
#41 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely..."
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
Lynh's Villa
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you were..."
"Positives Beautiful building Wonderful staff Large spacious clean rooms Netflix flatscreen tv Good shower comfortable bed Excellent roof top pool Bad points No room safe No tea or coffee facilities in room..."
Ngoc Han Hotel
54.3 miles from Hai Phong
#43 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel is on the front on the quiet part of the town near the market so no noisey bars near by. We had a great view over the bay from our balcony Clean rooms with WiFi and air con. Great family run..."
The Opera Hotel Hai Phong
#71 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night? The..."
"I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter would..."
Cat Ba Boutique Inn
1 review
#48 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality"
Sea Pearl Cat Ba Hotel
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#49 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly impressed..."
Lyberty Hotel And Apartment
#76 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Hotels with Steam Room nearby destinations
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Steam Room
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Xinyi District
Habarana
Harbin
Senggigi
Kazan
On the banks of the Volga River, Kazan sits austerely, its cityscape a visual confection of architecture that somehow manages to be both playful and severe. No matter your spiritual inclination, you simply must visit the Temple of All Religions, a Technicolor cultural center built by artist Ildar Khanov. Though still a work in progress, the "temple" is a feast for the eyes—and the spirit.
Volgograd Oblast
Erdemli
Al Fayyum
Brasov County
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Family Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with steam room
What are the best hotels with steam room near Du Hang Pagoda?
Some of the more popular hotels with steam room near Du Hang Pagoda include:
Mercure Hai Phong - Traveler rating: 5/5
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong - Traveler rating: 4/5
The Tray Hotel - Traveler rating: 4/5
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have a pool?
Popular hotels with steam room in Hai Phong that have a pool include:
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera - Traveler rating: 5/5
Sheraton Hai Phong - Traveler rating: 5/5
Which hotels with steam room are close to Catbi Airport?
These hotels with steam room are close to Catbi Airport:
Pearl River Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels with steam room in Hai Phong?
Some of the best hotels with steam room in Hai Phong are:
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels with steam room in Hai Phong:
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels with steam room in Hai Phong:
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong are good for families?
Families traveling in Hai Phong enjoyed their stay at the following hotels with steam room:
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following hotels with steam room in Hai Phong:
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have free parking?
These hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have free parking:
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
These hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have a spa:
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementCookie consentSite MapHow the site worksContact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Hai Phong Tourism
Hai Phong Bed and Breakfast
Hai Phong Vacation Rentals
Flights to Hai Phong
Hai Phong Restaurants
Things to Do in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Travel Forum
Hai Phong Photos
Hai Phong Map
All Hai Phong Hotels
Hai Phong Hotel Deals
Last Minute Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Motels
Hai Phong Hostels
Romantic Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Family Hotels
Hai Phong Green Hotels
Hai Phong Resorts
Hai Phong Beach Hotels
Hai Phong Business Hotels
Hai Phong Casinos
Hai Phong Spa Resorts
Hai Phong Luxury Hotels
4-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
3-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
5-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Free Parking
Pet Friendly Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Pools
Budget Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
Hai Phong Hotels with Sauna
Hai Phong Hotels with Valet Parking
Hai Phong Hotels with EV Charging
Hai Phong Yoga Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels with Breakfast Buffet
Hai Phong Hotels with Rooftop Pool
Hai Phong Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Hai Phong Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels near Cat Ba Island
Hotels near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Hotels near Hospital Cave
Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
Hotels near Cat Ba National Park
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Hotels near Cat Ba Panorama Travel
Hotels near Halong Capella Cruise
Hotels near Langur's Adventures
Hotels near Cat Co 1 Beach
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Motels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Mack's Inn Resort
The Laura Hotel, Houston Downtown, Autograph Collection
Canyon of the Eagles Nature Park & Resort
Oak Bay Beach Hotel
The Sound Hotel Seattle Belltown Tapestry Collection by Hilton
hub by Premier Inn London Spitalfields, Brick Lane hotel
The Manchester
Cache Creek Casino Resort
The Gore
Hampton Inn Boston Seaport District
The Leela Palace New Delhi
Bashati Bay Resort
Ganita Holiday Village
The Shay
Granbell Hotel Colombo
Popular All-Inclusive Resorts
Popular Beach Resorts
Popular Family Resorts
Popular All-Inclusive Hotels
Popular Hotels With Waterparks
Popular Honeymoon Resorts
Popular Luxury Resorts
Popular All-Inclusive Family Resorts
Popular Golf Resorts
Popular Spa Resorts
Popular Cheap Resorts
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Tours
Add a Place
Travel Forum
Airlines
Travelers' Choice
Help Center
1 room
2 adults
0 children
& up
some
Clear all filters
Matches:
Missing:
Mercure Hai Phong
- Traveler rating: 5/5
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
- Traveler rating: 4/5
The Tray Hotel
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
Sheraton Hai Phong
Pearl River Hotel
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
