Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to My Khe Beach, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near My Khe Beach
View map
Hotels near My Khe Beach
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of My Khe Beach
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,598 of 4,117 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from My Khe Beach

2023
Sponsored
Vanda Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from My Khe Beach
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Visit hotel website
31. Minh Boutique
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.3 miles from My Khe Beach
#31 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
32. The Nalod Da Nang
453 reviews
192 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...”
33. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
36 - 38 Lam Hoanh St. | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.4 miles from My Khe Beach
#33 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the...”
34. Grand Tourane Hotel
811 reviews
252 Vo Nguyen Giap | Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Enjoying our stay very much. Sad we only have 3 days left. The hotel is beautiful. Clean and very modern The pool spectacular. Best stay in Vietnam, been visiting for many years and will definitely be back. Big...”
35. Adaline Hotel & Suite
271 reviews
45-47 Vo Van Kiet Street, Da Nang, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The location couldn't be better. The service couldn't be friendlier, and the room view couldn't be better. Really enjoyed my stay, thank you to all of the staff for being so accommodating and helpful. special…”
Minh Boutique
36. Chi House Danang Hotel & Apartment
184 reviews
42 Du_ng Lam Hoanh, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly...”
37. White Sand Boutique Hotel
105 reviews
89-91 Vo Van kiet | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel is very well located within a few minutes stroll of the My Khê beach and all that offers. There are excellent restaurants there and small beach bars ideal for an afternoon relax. I took the Executive...”
38. voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.5 miles from My Khe Beach
#38 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...”
39. Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
03 Vo Nghia, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...”
40. Radisson Hotel Danang
345 reviews
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…”
Monarque Hotel
3,035 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from My Khe Beach
“I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...”
41. Salmalia Boutique Hotel & Spa
82 reviews
52 Lam Hoanh Street | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“What can I say about this hotel.It was absolutely amazing from start to finish.The hotel staff were so so helpful and could not do enough for us Always smiling and ready to help I had an absolutely amazing massage...”
42. Royal Family Hotel
70 reviews
No.39 Vo Van Kiet Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“After our original booking fell through, we found ourselves at Royal Family hotel. The hotel itself is located a 2 minute walk from the beautiful stretch of beach, and on the main road leading to Dragon Bridge (25...”
43. The Han Hotel
72 reviews
22 Morrison An Hai Bac Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…”
44. Tuyet Son Hotel
54 reviews
02 Lam Hoanh | Phuoc My, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely staff and owner. Clean with daily room service fairly quiet and great value for a budget hotel. Nice quiet location but still only ten minute walk to night market - great little restaurant next door as well...”
45. Brilliant Majestic Hotel
48 reviews
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…”
46. Nhu Minh Plaza Danang Hotel
628 reviews
Lot 2 - A2 - KH Pham Van Dong Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“베트남 오자마자 숙막한곳에서 룸업그레이드로 넓고 으쁜곳에서 잘수있어서 너무 좋았어요 아침에 조식도 종류는. 많지 않지만 다들 맛있는것만. 있어서. 좋았고 아이들이랑. 같이가기. 좋았어요 I stay at Nhu Minh Plaza hotel for 2 nights. Everything is so good. The location is very good and near city...”
47. Hoang Sa Hotel
156 reviews
54 - 56 Duong Dinh Nghe | An Hai Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“After over 2 years of lockdown from the notorious Covid pandemic, we came to Da Nang again and staying at this hotel for 5 datys and 4 nights. The hotel has done some renovation, front desk receptionist are...”
48. Monaco Hotel Danang
25 reviews
Lot 24, Duong Dinh Nghe Street, Da Nang, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I traveled to Danang in June, 2015 with my group. I booked 6 rooms in last minute booking, it's great that a sale man gave us a nice price without breakfast. I was highly appreciated. The hotel is good, i like it…”
49. M Boutique Danang
23 reviews
43 Vo Nghia Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...”
50. Dana Marina Hotel
65 reviews
No. 47, Vo Van Kiet Street, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Danang City, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed at Dana Marina early March 2020, good size room nice & clean, ideally situated for the beach & fish restaurants, Hotel receptionist Thuong & Duong were extreamly informative they kept us up to date re...”
51. M92 Boutique Da Nang Beach Hotel
13 reviews
01 Nguyen Cao Luyen, An Hai Bac, Da Nang, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great hotel situated in a charming part of town, offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…”
52. NAM Hotel & Spa
73 reviews
109A Duong Dinh Nghe Street | An Hai Bac Ward , Son Tra District, Da Nang, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel has an ok location, walking distance to the beach. Simple breakfast, nice rooftop area. The room was nice, clean and spacious, and we had ocean view :-) The hotel offered a driver when we were going to...”
53. Raon Apartment and Hotel
39 reviews
97A Hoang Bich Son | Phuoc My, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...”
54. Mai Boutique Hotel
80 reviews
115 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…”
55. Grand Jeep Hotel Danang
26 reviews
142-146 Ho Nghinh Street | Son Tra District, Da Nang, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Nice views,great for breakfast as well, comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...”
56. Ponte Boutique Villa
37 reviews
104 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...”
57. Ngoc Lan Hotel
21 reviews
64-66 Nguyen Xuan Khoat | An Hai Bac Ward, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff was very friendly on arrival the and check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...”
58. Cordial Hotel
34 reviews
30 Loseby | An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.6 miles from My Khe Beach
#58 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...”
59. Hai Trieu Hotel
18-20 Loseby, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach. The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend ”
60. Star Hotel Da Nang
42 Loseby Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...”
Previous
Next
123456…
My Khe Beach
1,598 of 4,117 properties
Clear all filters
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
Da Nang 550000,
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
192 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...
My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The
staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...
36 - 38 Lam Hoanh St.
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the...
The place is close to the beach and it has
everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the...
252 Vo Nguyen Giap
Son Tra District
Enjoying our stay very much. Sad we only have 3 days left. The hotel is beautiful. Clean and very modern The pool spectacular. Best stay in Vietnam, been visiting for many years and will definitely be back. Big...
Enjoying our stay very much. Sad we only have 3
days left. The hotel is beautiful. Clean and very modern The pool spectacular. Best stay in Vietnam, been visiting for many years and will definitely be back. Big...
45-47 Vo Van Kiet Street
Da Nang,
The location couldn't be better. The service couldn't be friendlier, and the room view couldn't be better. Really enjoyed my stay, thank you to all of the staff for being so accommodating and helpful. special…
The location couldn't be better. The service
couldn't be friendlier, and the room view couldn't be better. Really enjoyed my stay, thank you to all of the staff for being so accommodating and helpful. special…
42 Du_ng Lam Hoanh
Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly...
Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel,
nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly...
89-91 Vo Van kiet
This hotel is very well located within a few minutes stroll of the My Khê beach and all that offers. There are excellent restaurants there and small beach bars ideal for an afternoon relax. I took the Executive...
This hotel is very well located within a few
minutes stroll of the My Khê beach and all that offers. There are excellent restaurants there and small beach bars ideal for an afternoon relax. I took the Executive...
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay.
Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
03 Vo Nghia
Da Nang 55000,
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we
were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was
very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...
I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super
cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...
My Khe beach
52 Lam Hoanh Street
Son Tra
What can I say about this hotel.It was absolutely amazing from start to finish.The hotel staff were so so helpful and could not do enough for us Always smiling and ready to help I had an absolutely amazing massage...
What can I say about this hotel.It was absolutely
amazing from start to finish.The hotel staff were so so helpful and could not do enough for us Always smiling and ready to help I had an absolutely amazing massage...
No.39 Vo Van Kiet Street
After our original booking fell through, we found ourselves at Royal Family hotel. The hotel itself is located a 2 minute walk from the beautiful stretch of beach, and on the main road leading to Dragon Bridge (25...
After our original booking fell through, we found
ourselves at Royal Family hotel. The hotel itself is located a 2 minute walk from the beautiful stretch of beach, and on the main road leading to Dragon Bridge (25...
22 Morrison An Hai Bac Son Tra
The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…
The receptionist is very helpful and hard
working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…
02 Lam Hoanh
Phuoc My, Son Tra
Lovely staff and owner. Clean with daily room service fairly quiet and great value for a budget hotel. Nice quiet location but still only ten minute walk to night market - great little restaurant next door as well...
Lovely staff and owner. Clean with daily room
service fairly quiet and great value for a budget hotel. Nice quiet location but still only ten minute walk to night market - great little restaurant next door as well...
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street
The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
The room was small but super clean and nice! We
have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
Lot 2 - A2 - KH Pham Van Dong Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
베트남 오자마자 숙막한곳에서 룸업그레이드로 넓고 으쁜곳에서 잘수있어서 너무 좋았어요 아침에 조식도 종류는. 많지 않지만 다들 맛있는것만. 있어서. 좋았고 아이들이랑. 같이가기. 좋았어요 I stay at Nhu Minh Plaza hotel for 2 nights. Everything is so good. The location is very good and near city...
베트남 오자마자 숙막한곳에서 룸업그레이드로 넓고 으쁜곳에서 잘수있어서 너무 좋았어요
아침에 조식도 종류는. 많지 않지만 다들 맛있는것만. 있어서. 좋았고 아이들이랑. 같이가기. 좋았어요 I stay at Nhu Minh Plaza hotel for 2 nights. Everything is so good. The location is very good and near city...
54 - 56 Duong Dinh Nghe
An Hai Ward, Son Tra District
After over 2 years of lockdown from the notorious Covid pandemic, we came to Da Nang again and staying at this hotel for 5 datys and 4 nights. The hotel has done some renovation, front desk receptionist are...
After over 2 years of lockdown from the notorious
Covid pandemic, we came to Da Nang again and staying at this hotel for 5 datys and 4 nights. The hotel has done some renovation, front desk receptionist are...
Lot 24, Duong Dinh Nghe Street
I traveled to Danang in June, 2015 with my group. I booked 6 rooms in last minute booking, it's great that a sale man gave us a nice price without breakfast. I was highly appreciated. The hotel is good, i like it…
I traveled to Danang in June, 2015 with my group.
I booked 6 rooms in last minute booking, it's great that a sale man gave us a nice price without breakfast. I was highly appreciated. The hotel is good, i like it…
43 Vo Nghia Street
Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...
Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when
stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...
No. 47, Vo Van Kiet Street, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Danang City
We stayed at Dana Marina early March 2020, good size room nice & clean, ideally situated for the beach & fish restaurants, Hotel receptionist Thuong & Duong were extreamly informative they kept us up to date re...
We stayed at Dana Marina early March 2020, good
size room nice & clean, ideally situated for the beach & fish restaurants, Hotel receptionist Thuong & Duong were extreamly informative they kept us up to date re...
01 Nguyen Cao Luyen
An Hai Bac, Da Nang,
Great hotel situated in a charming part of town, offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…
Great hotel situated in a charming part of town,
offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…
109A Duong Dinh Nghe Street
An Hai Bac Ward , Son Tra District
The hotel has an ok location, walking distance to the beach. Simple breakfast, nice rooftop area. The room was nice, clean and spacious, and we had ocean view :-) The hotel offered a driver when we were going to...
The hotel has an ok location, walking distance to
the beach. Simple breakfast, nice rooftop area. The room was nice, clean and spacious, and we had ocean view :-) The hotel offered a driver when we were going to...
97A Hoang Bich Son
I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...
I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very
helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...
115 Ho Nghinh
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was
quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
142-146 Ho Nghinh Street
Nice views,great for breakfast as well, comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...
Nice views,great for breakfast as well,
comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...
104 Ho Nghinh
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs
speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
64-66 Nguyen Xuan Khoat
An Hai Bac Ward
The staff was very friendly on arrival the and check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...
The staff was very friendly on arrival the and
check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...
30 Loseby
An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and
welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
18-20 Loseby
The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach. The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend
The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach.
The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend
42 Loseby Street
Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000,
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to
the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
1
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
