Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayActivities for a Rainy Day in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Rainy-Day Activities
Best Activities for a Rainy Day in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Spas & Wellness
Classes & Workshops
Museums
Nature & Parks
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for a Rainy Day
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
11 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
2023
1. Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Caverns & Caves
By MattthewTheCoder
It is popular spot to go and there will be many tourists.
See tours
2. Quang Ninh Museum
49
Natural History Museums • History Museums
By paulrP5054CI
Which is a shame as Ha Long city itself is a nice town with several attractions in itself One of which is the Bao Tang...
3. Le Parfum Spa
24
Spas
By Flyer770905
The spa is very close to Paradise Suites hotel. We had the lovely spa here. However, it's a little bit expensive.
4. Halong Transport
16
Taxis & Shuttles
By josephbI6268WV
We booked transport from Halong Bay to Hanoi old quarter and then back to our cruise ship on the next day.
5. Royal Spa
15
By Inspire796957
They’ll introduce every all kind of massage for your choosing. Very good service!
6. Ginger Cookery
17
Cooking Classes
By FabienneG239
We really had a great time doing to cooking class with Thuy. The place is very beautiful, surrounded by a garden - very...
7. Massage Hai Trang
Temporarily closed
By PearBananas
The massage was great, and I have to say this is one of the best value for money massages I have had in Vietnam. The...
8. Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
1,531
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By sign2023
Special thanks to Sir Edgar, Richard, and Nicole for making our cruise a wonderful experience that we will cherish fo...
9. Dora Cruise
1,146
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
By C798IUstephenm
Excellent, especially Bruce and Davis 👍 Lovely boat, great food, great service, would highly recommend!
10. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
11. Doris Cruise
13
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By johag163
It’s a really good cruise! The food was delicious, we love the room and the balcony, activities were perfect and Frank...
What travelers are saying
haram B
2 contributions
0
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Steve R
Bolton, UK519 contributions
Interesting if you're already in the area
An interesting place to find out about the area and it's industrial, artistic and cultural heritage. It's a good way to enjoy an air conditioned couple of hours if you have time to spare.
Review of: Quang Ninh Museum
Written March 5, 2024
faith m
Singapore, Singapore3 contributions
Le Parfum Spa Massage review
Had a Good vietnamese massage. Room is very nice and well furnished. A bit more pricey but if you want good and clean classy environment , this is recommended.
Review of: Le Parfum Spa
Written March 28, 2023
ROSE B
New car and experienced driver.
We booked transport from Halong to Hanoi old quarter then back to our cruise ship on the next day. There was a new car and driver is very good too.
Review of: Halong Transport
Written December 19, 2023
quachmydung2017
Hanoi, Vietnam63 contributions
Professional service
I went to the spa with two of my friends and we all were very satisfied with the service provided by the staff there. We got a warm welcome by the receptionist at the reception and we were given information about what kinds of service at the spa and we decided to choose Vietnamese massage with which we were very satisfied: the room where they did spa was small but cosy. The staff were well trained so we felt relaxed and pleased.
Read more
Review of: Royal Spa
Written June 9, 2019
Fabienne G
11 contributions
Great chef and authentic experience
We really had a great time doing to cooking class with Thuy. The place is very beautiful, surrounded by a garden - very cozy atmosphere. We were allowed choose a menu ourselfes out of five options and it was delicious. Before the class you visit the market, which is so cool to see since you have a local with you. The cooking class itself is a lot of fun and you get so many useful tips. We can't wait to cook all the recepies back home. I can definately recommend you to do Thuy's cooking class, it's a blast!
Review of: Ginger Cookery
Written January 9, 2019
Randall T
1 contribution
Welcoming experience
My girlfriend and I, living in Nanjing, attempted to escape Chinese New Year by taking a trip to Vietnam. Unfortunately, we were completely unaware that Vietnamese Tet is the same week. We arrived at the spa looking for massages and accidentally interrupted their New Year's party. They still welcomed us upstairs at 9:30 PM without reservation and delivered wonderful, thorough massages. The facilities were clean and professional, but no frills. If you're looking for rose petals and over priced extras this isn't your place, but if you want a great massage in a nice, simple setting we both highly recommend them. Centrally located near the Sun World complex with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.
Review of: Massage Hai Trang
Written January 22, 2020
annaliza t
1
Amazing Ha Long Bay experience!
Ambassador Cruise great experience, Camille and Jad provided Gold standard customer service. We highly recommend this cruise! We choose the Western Style and it was a really good food. The Heritage experience is worth it! Will come back sooner.
Review of: Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
Written March 3, 2024
Belinda D
Amazing experience! Wished we stayed longer
We had an amazing time. The staff were so lovely and helpful. Especially Linh Chi, she was very attentive in serving us and taking great group photos - we really appreciate it. Bruce Panda was very informative on our small boat rides to the cruise and activities.
Review of: Dora Cruise
Written March 8, 2024
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
3
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
ana
Doris Cruise
Jennie was super nice and very helpful! We really enjoyed the cruise! The ship and the crew were great! I would highly recommend!
Review of: Doris Cruise
Written May 4, 2023
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Activities for a Rainy Day in Halong Bay
1.
MattthewTheCoder
It is popular spot to go and there will be many
tourists
.
2.
paulrP5054CI
3.
Flyer770905
4.
josephbI6268WV
We booked transport from Halong Bay to Hanoi
old quarter
and then back to our cruise ship on the next day.
5.
Inspire796957
6.
FabienneG239
7.
PearBananas
8.
sign2023
Special thanks
to Sir Edgar, Richard, and Nicole for making our cruise a wonderful experience that we will cherish fo...
9.
C798IUstephenm
Excellent, especially Bruce and Davis 👍 Lovely boat,
great food
, great service, would highly recommend!
10.
MichaelYor
11.
johag163
Bolton, UK
519 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
3 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
63 contributions
Miami, FL
381 contributions
