Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
54 Homestay
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Can Tho
#43 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Excellent Room, just basic but really beautiful and tidy. The location also perfect, near the Ninh Kieu Wharf, just take you arround 5 minutes by walking. The price was also Reasonable. Lovely i will return!"
NAIIE MEKONG
73 reviews
#9 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Stayed for 2 nights. Super friendly owner, allowing to check in at 7am :) friendly family, good wifi and always happy to help with anything you ask. I was fortunate to have whole room to myself due to low season as..."
"Good value for money at this hostel but what really makes it is the great staff. They arranged a really good tour for us on a Vietnamese boat (so only about £6) and dropped us off. They also hosted a spring roll..."
2023
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#30 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
Quyen's House
0 reviews
Luxhome - Vinhome Hotel & Travel Company
Shalom Villa
Hotel Huu Vinh
Yen house
5 reviews
#28 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Yen is the perfect host. We got on a tour to the floating markets and got picked up at 5:30 am and she got up for making us a wonderful breakfast. Rooms are comfy, clean and there is everything you need. Absolute..."
"The owner bent over backwards- rushed our laundry so we could get it before we left, let us borrow her personal motorbike for an hour to grab dinner, helped us book a bus ticket and Mekong delta trip for cheap. The..."
Lavender Hotel Can Tho
Hotel Truong Tuan 6
Lime Hostel - Ninh Kieu Center
Lime Hostel
Quoc Thanh Hotel
Phuong Tran Hotel
2 reviews
#30 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice room with a swimming pool in the rooftop. Very spacious with a hall and a bedroom separately. Washing machine, lounge space, small kitchen, oven all the things were available to use. Very good in this price and..."
"This hotel just open for few days ago, it s a great location, just few meters away from the bus station. So when you arrive, you don t need any taxi. The rooms are very bright with Windows, the bed is very large..."
32 Home Hostel
Thuy Ha Hotel
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
My Linh Hotel
Mai Chi Hotel
Phuong Nam Hotel B
#69 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Hotel is placed 7min walk from river Mekong. Surrounding area is nothing special. In front of the hotel is disco bar and electroshop. Couple of local small food bistros in the street with real local atmosfhere..."
Dong Nam Hotel
#58 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The Hotel seems to b pretty new. The Aircon and the TV was still in plastic foil. We had a bed for two people but the room was like really tiny. Through the day there were construction workers doing their work and..."
Thai Nguyen Hotel
Song Anh Hotel
Tan Phuoc 2
4 reviews
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Phuong Hang Hotel
3 reviews
#53 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a top floor bedroom with bathroom & balcony facing the road. The room was clean and comfortable. There was tv and wi-fi although this hardly works. Hot shower worked. Staff were ok. Not very..."
"Other than when we arrived, the staff were not very friendly. In fact they generally completely ignored us, even when we smiled at them and greeted them when we arrived back at the hotel or came down from our room..."
Minh Tien Guesthouse
My Ngoc 1 Hotel
#65 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Not clean, sheets not washed, dirt in corners, black mold in the bathroom. The location is good, we came to experience the floating market which was incredible. If you must stay here, pack your own sleeping bag..."
Hop Pho Hotel Can Tho
Mekong Smile Home
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Raja Ampat
Kollam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
