Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
The Birdhouse El Nido wrote a review Dec 2019
Philippines89 contributions37 helpful votes
Overall good stay
Chose this as a family traveling. Front office wasn't that warm. Rooms were spacious. There were two play areas. The best was in the basement but had limited hours. The other one was on the second floor next to the breakfast area.
Read more
Date of stay: December 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Dec 24, 2019
Xin chào Thebirdhouseelnido, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your time sharing with us your review. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay. We are sorry for any mistake about our staff communication. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Lw Fang wrote a review Dec 2019
Singapore, Singapore17 contributions2 helpful votes
Beautiful scenery and spacious room
Spacious room with kitchen and balcony which overlooks the sea. You can relax over a cup of coffee or tea at the balcony or chill at the lounge at 23rd floor. Just cross the road and you can feast at the many seafood restaurants. The pictures are taken from my room, cool right 😊
Responded Dec 17, 2019
Xin chào LwF7, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service. Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Leung_kitty wrote a review Dec 2019
1 contribution
Such a beautiful hotel !
We stayed here for 3 nites. Room is very neat and comfortale. Top bar has great view but swimming pool is small. Breakfast is normal. But staff is exceptional and friendly. I met a girl called Thao at reception. She is very helpful and enthusiated. Others staff is also nice. I wish to have chance to return to your hotel
Xin chào Leung_kitty, Warmest greetings from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks on our great location, spacious and clean room, helpful staffs. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. Your compliments will be shared with the rest of the team to make them motivated especially Ms. Thao from Front Office. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
tammykayly wrote a review Dec 2019
Syracuse, United States68 contributions45 helpful votes
Beautiful hotel on the beach
This hotel is truly beautiful! The rooms are large and have a fabulous view of the ocean. I loved the infinity pool - the rooftop bar is a great place to hangout. Although my one complaint is that they turned off my electricity in the room before check out because they had another reservation they had to get the room ready for.. It was extremely ridiculous and rude.
Date of stay: January 2019
1 Helpful vote
Xin chào Tammykayly, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time at our hotel especially our infinity pool, rooftop bar. We believe that there must be misunderstand in the electric problem, because we could not turn off the electric without your permission to enter inside the room. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
John wrote a review Dec 2019
2 contributions
Nice hotel
The staff so friendly .help us alot when we stay here . The pool so beautiful but unlucky because we couldn't swim is this weather . We will come back here one more time to enjoy more . Hung from fo so kind .
Responded Dec 8, 2019
Xin chào Jonhbinla, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! What's a lovely review that makes our day. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. Your compliment would been shared to the whole to especially Mr. Hung to keep them motivated. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
13050336757 wrote a review Nov 2019
Hoi An, Vietnam122 contributions72 helpful votes
Long term stay, wonderful experience
We stayed here most of the month of November and completely enjoyed it. No negatives whatever. Large comfortable room facing the ocean, great shower, kitchenette for simple meals. We loved watching an occasional storm come in from the ocean, watching the waves on the beach below is mesmerizing and never grows old. An excellent buffet breakfast and a restaurant serving both local and western foods cooked perfectly at prices equivalent to locals or better. They also have an in house baker making beautiful cakes and pastries every day served with the fabulous local coffee. We brought a bag of our own organic coffee but we haven’t touched it, the local brews are far superior. The location is perfect as you are surrounded by many restaurants both simple and grand, all within a…
Date of stay: November 2019
Responded Dec 1, 2019
Xin chào 13050336757, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a wonderful experience at our hotel. Your compliments and well highlighted on our service such as nice room, good coffee & cake, delicious breakfast.... are priceless to us. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Ann l wrote a review Nov 2019
4 contributions
Cold showers
First night we checked in, the washroom wasn’t cleaned properly. There was a foul smell and leftover gym clothes from the previous guest. They then switched us to another room without a balcony. The hot water in the shower only lasts for 5 minutes and it’s a huge problem for 4 ladies staying in a 2 bedroom, 2 washroom suite. Apparently you’re not supposed to use the showers at the same time which is very inconvenient. The shower has no door and the whole washroom gets wet when you take a shower which might have contributed to the smell. The staff are friendly but in rainy season not having hot water is a huge turn off. The pool looks nice but surprisingly they don’t have a jacuzzi. If you like cold showers then it’s an okay place to stay. Also, prices online are better than in…
Responded Dec 2, 2019
Xin chào annlV7805HP, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel! Thank you for leaving us review about your recent stay. We are sorry that you did not like your stay with us though our special offer as free upgrading for you. We believe that the hot water issue had been fixed right away after we hear from you and we also double check many time to make sure you feel good while staying, and your reply always makes us feel happy to assist any help. Our pool do not have jacuzzi and it is clearly explain on your booking channel. I hope this will help to clarify your concerns about our hotel and hope to have another chance welcoming you again! Best regards, A La Carte Da Nang Beach team.
Helen L wrote a review Nov 2019
wonderful one-night stay at A La Carte hotel!
we spent one night at A La Carte hotel, overall it was a good experience and all the staff were friendly, especially Vuong, he recommended us to visit a local vietnamese restaurant for lunch and thanks to him, we had a delicious meal. overall the hotel was nice, the room was clean also !
Responded Nov 25, 2019
Xin chào Helen L, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team especially Mr. Vuong from Reception desk. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Jonathan wrote a review Nov 2019
Amazing hotel
A la carte is one of the best hotel i had stayed in da nang. Hotel is near the beach with breaktaking from infinity swimming pool.staffs are so friendly. Thanks mr Vuong for giving us lots of useful information during the time we stayed there. Highly recommend
Xin chào Kikimom78, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time at our hotel. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback especially compliment on our staff - Mr. Vuong. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Rome wrote a review Nov 2019
3 contributions
My favorite hotel
My second stay.Love this hotel and has to come back. The check in process was quick and fluently by Duyen. We got a change to get upgraded to a bigger room. It's spacious and clean, includes two bedrooms and living room. Lot of sea foods restaurant in the neighborhood. From beginning till the end the service was impeccable for me and it honestly could not have been better. Much appreciated.
Responded Nov 17, 2019
Xin chào Du D, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time again at our hotel. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…89101112…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
The Birdhouse El Nido
Philippines
89 contributions
89
37 helpful votes
37
Date of stay:
transparency report
Lw Fang
Singapore, Singapore
17 contributions
17
2 helpful votes
Leung_kitty
1
tammykayly
Syracuse, United States
68 contributions
68
45 helpful votes
John
13050336757
Hoi An, Vietnam
122 contributions
122
72 helpful votes
72
We stayed here most of the month of November and completely enjoyed it. No negatives whatever. Large comfortable room facing the ocean, great shower, kitchenette for simple meals. We loved watching an occasional storm come in from the ocean, watching the waves on the beach below is mesmerizing and never grows old. An excellent buffet breakfast and a restaurant serving both local and western foods cooked perfectly at prices equivalent to locals or better. They also have an in house baker making beautiful cakes and pastries every day served with the fabulous local coffee. We brought a bag of our own organic coffee but we haven’t touched it, the local brews are far superior. The location is perfect as you are surrounded by many restaurants both simple and grand, all within a
Ann l
First night we checked in, the washroom wasn’t cleaned properly. There was a foul smell and leftover gym clothes from the previous guest. They then switched us to another room without a balcony. The hot water in the shower only lasts for 5 minutes and it’s a huge problem for 4 ladies staying in a 2 bedroom, 2 washroom suite. Apparently you’re not supposed to use the showers at the same time which is very inconvenient. The shower has no door and the whole washroom gets wet when you take a shower which might have contributed to the smell. The staff are friendly but in rainy season not having hot water is a huge turn off. The pool looks nice but surprisingly they don’t have a jacuzzi. If you like cold showers then it’s an okay place to stay. Also, prices online are better than in
Helen L
Jonathan
Rome
…
8
9
10
11
12
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
