Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BaySpas & wellness in Halong Bay
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Spas & Wellness Centers
Spas & Wellness Centers in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nightlife
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Sights & Landmarks
Fun & Games
Spas & Wellness
Museums
Water & Amusement Parks
Show less
Spas
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for a Rainy Day
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
5 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Le Parfum Spa
24
By mokster23
Had a Good vietnamese massage.
2. Royal Spa
15
By Inspire796957
They’ll introduce every all kind of massage for your choosing. Very good service!
3. Massage FLOWERS HA LONG
7
By Sweetkoshka
This is a very friendly massage and spa place which delivers excellent massage and associated treatments for a very r...
4. Massage Hai Trang
Temporarily closed
By PearBananas
The massage was great, and I have to say this is one of the best value for money massages I have had in Vietnam. The...
5. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long Spa
1
By S4597KJrobertz
We had a fantastic spa day in vinpearl! Vu Hang & huang Em are unbelievable great therapist in job … we will...
What travelers are saying
faith m
Singapore, Singapore3 contributions
0
Le Parfum Spa Massage review
Had a Good vietnamese massage. Room is very nice and well furnished. A bit more pricey but if you want good and clean classy environment , this is recommended.
Review of: Le Parfum Spa
Written March 28, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
quachmydung2017
Hanoi, Vietnam63 contributions
Professional service
I went to the spa with two of my friends and we all were very satisfied with the service provided by the staff there. We got a warm welcome by the receptionist at the reception and we were given information about what kinds of service at the spa and we decided to choose Vietnamese massage with which we were very satisfied: the room where they did spa was small but cosy. The staff were well trained so we felt relaxed and pleased.
Read more
Review of: Royal Spa
Written June 9, 2019
boobrt
San Diego, CA4 contributions
Wonderful massage at a very reasonable price!
The service was amazing. The staff was really friendly and helpful. I got a 2-hour full body massage with a hot stone portion at the end. It was fantastic and very reasonably priced. I believe the whole thing came out to 800,000 VND, including a tip.

I didn’t catch the name of the gentleman who did my massage, but he was very well trained and was able to adjust massage pressure to my preference.
The staff even helped arrange for a car for us back to the cruise waiting area we came from in Halong Bay, which was a 10-15 min drive or so away. Overall, great experience!!
Review of: Massage FLOWERS HA LONG
Written November 16, 2023
Randall T
1 contribution
Welcoming experience
My girlfriend and I, living in Nanjing, attempted to escape Chinese New Year by taking a trip to Vietnam. Unfortunately, we were completely unaware that Vietnamese Tet is the same week. We arrived at the spa looking for massages and accidentally interrupted their New Year's party. They still welcomed us upstairs at 9:30 PM without reservation and delivered wonderful, thorough massages. The facilities were clean and professional, but no frills. If you're looking for rose petals and over priced extras this isn't your place, but if you want a great massage in a nice, simple setting we both highly recommend them. Centrally located near the Sun World complex with plenty of shops and restaurants nearby.
Review of: Massage Hai Trang
Written January 22, 2020
Robert Z
2 contributions
Great Journey In Vinpearl Ha Long Bay
We had a fantastic spa day in vinpearl!
Vu Hang & huang Em are unbelievable great therapist in job … we will recommend her both. The spa leadership can be happy which such employee’s works ! We send a lot of greetings to ha long bay and the girls. Crissi and Robert
Review of: Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long Spa
Written September 12, 2023
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for spas & wellness in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Spas & wellness in Halong Bay
1.
mokster23
Had a Good
vietnamese massage
.
2.
Inspire796957
3.
Sweetkoshka
This is a very friendly massage and
spa
place which delivers excellent massage and associated treatments for a very r...
4.
PearBananas
5.
S4597KJrobertz
Vu Hang & huang Em are unbelievable great therapist in job … we will...
Singapore, Singapore
3 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
63 contributions
San Diego, CA
4 contributions
