Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Rajasingam B
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia210 contributions
1
5.0 of 5 bubbles
UNESCO WORLD HERITAGE SITE.
May 2019 • Friends
Being a world heritage alone should entice you for at least a day trip from Hanoi. Truly astounding the natural scenery. Unfortunately certain tourist don’t respect nature with plastics seen in the Bay. I do hope the authorities andboat operators take a more stern position and fine those who litter.
Written May 31, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
JoJo And Darcy
Baltimore, MD177 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Tourist trap
May 2019
We did one of the cruises here that are so popular and they all seemed to do the exact same basic thing. There was this beach with 1000 tourists and it was so loud and there was no space or peace and at one point some of the employees started playing sand soccer and nearly decapitated a couple people. The caves were also quite bland. If you’re going to visit Halong bay, I would recommend not partaking on the cruise.
Written May 23, 2019
castorpollux_11
Singapore, Singapore7 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
view is nice but ruined by litter
Apr 2019 • Couples
the water is a tad soapy when you feel it and doesnt smell pleasant generally.. and theres plastics littered in the water here and there (abt 5% of the time you will see plastics/litter). phuket's phi phi island was much better.
Written May 4, 2019
Elias_B
Switzerland43 contributions
Not worth it
May 2019 • Couples
We did a two days one night cruise in Halong bay (3star). I am very disappointed..
Extremely touristic, super crowded, noisy and not relaxing at all. Even at night the boats have their engines ON to support the electricity on the boat such as air conditioning inside the rooms which is completely pointless. I am sure that everyone has seen these nice pictures on this bay from top but it is not so great from the see level. It is definitely a very special place but cruising it is not suggested.

Don’t underestimate the high number of average and poor recommendations given!!
Written May 2, 2019
DJS123
139 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
You have to go!
Apr 2019 • Friends
I was so excited about going on a cruise here. I was so shocked regarding the amount of people to be fair, there’s busy and then there is chaos! This was chaos around the area where you embarked and disembarked. Keep sight on the people that you are with as you can easily loose sight of them. It is definitely worth doing at least once. I would not want to do it again as once you have seen it you have seen it. It is a fabulous sight to see and to wake up on the water in kind of magical. I wished we had chosen a better boat and paid a little more. Saw some magnificent hawks whilst there too, which was my highlight! I would not go again, like other places I have visited due to the massive amount of people there at the same time. But if you have not seen it you really should.
Written April 21, 2019
Raul A
Quezon City, Philippines8 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Not as I expected
First, the water in the bay was dark and murky. Next the scenery was not as colorful as you see in websites and brochures. Lunch that was served in boat was good though. The tour was a good experience but I will not do it again.
Written April 18, 2019
hfffoman
Surrey, UK59 contributions
Beautiful but overrated
Yes it is beautiful but it really has become an industry that makes too much of its reputation for being the must-see place in Vietnam. Given that you spend quite a lot of time travelling and the cost is high, the overall experience it adds to your holiday isn't that great. There are plenty of other beautiful places in Vietnam (if it's a choice between this and Ninh Binh I would definitely choose the latter).
Written April 15, 2019
Patrick G
Brampton, Canada219 contributions
So beautiful yet needs some love!!!
Mar 2019 • Family
Halong Bay is so beautiful but I believe Coron Philippines is much more beautiful. The limestone islands are incredible and so worth the visit. Peak season can be a zoo!!! Literally thousands of people visit this place every day and you can see what this does to its environment. We booked the tour from our hotel in Hanoi and got the full day trip. If you want a relaxing tour go for two days if you have the time. I saw no need to pay any extra charges for a tour as everyone will basically see the main sites. It’s a good 4 hours drive with a pit stop at a factory that sells marble statues to beautiful hand crafted art pieces. Our boat was quite nice with an upper deck. Food was not bad but if you’re a big eater you won’t get full. Drinks are for sale on the boat. Sad to see garbage floating in the bay while sailing through the islands. First stop you can kayak or ride a paddled boat into a secluded cove entering through a big gap in the limestone. Cool to see the monkeys. The next stop is a huge and I mean massive cave! I’ve been to many caves but this was impressive. Easy steps to get upto and a wooded floor that guides you around the cave. The view upon exiting the cave is fabulous as you see the bay from high up. The last stop is a small island where you can actually swim or climb the island peak. Then the boat ride back is nice as sunset photo ops are great. It’s quite a long day and you arrive back in Hanoi around 9ish. Well worth the visit. Please don’t litter 😀
Written April 7, 2019
Bronwyn L
Endeavour Hills, Australia26 contributions
3
Conflicted
Mar 2019
This place was stunning, amazing and spectacular- and compared to the chaos of Hanoi and Saigon, sitting on the top deck of a cruise boat in the middle of the bay was relatively peaceful. BUT looking at the smog, the rubbish floating by in the water, the hundreds of boats in the bay belching smoke, the hordes of tourists being herded from one place to another and the excess of concrete commercialised construction happening, I wonder how long this place can survive? As much as I was awed by the wonders of nature I was saddened by how humans can exploit such a beautiful area to the extent that they are likely to ruin it.
Written March 19, 2019
r3d7268
Newcastle upon Tyne, UK72 contributions
Best ever
Dec 2018 • Couples
A MUST DO really people you must see this I go to Thailand every year north south east and west it’s my wife but nothing is better and looks better then this 2 weeks in Vietnam
Written February 13, 2019
…
42
43
44
Showing results 421-430 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
210 contributions
transparency report
Baltimore, MD
177 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
7 contributions
Switzerland
43 contributions
Quezon City, Philippines
8 contributions
Surrey, UK
59 contributions
Brampton, Canada
219 contributions
Endeavour Hills, Australia
26 contributions
Newcastle upon Tyne, UK
72 contributions
