Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Shuttle
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Shuttle in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Shuttle Bus Service
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
172 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
1. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,048 reviews
#1 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Upon returning to the airport, the hotel offered a free shuttle service. The shuttle in question was extremely comfortable for all seven of us, complete with massage chairs and lights on the ceiling like a party bus!"
"They also have shuttle service from airport for free for 10.30am and 3.30pm by pre-booking with them one day in advance. Nice relationship manager VIUVI who helped in booking the shuttle for us ."
2. Furama Resort Danang
5,329 reviews
#2 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Since the spa area is currently located at the Villas, we were driven there with the golf cart shuttle and were picked up again."
"Although it’s 20 min away from Hoi An, we didn’t mind since it’s easy to book a cab to get there and the hotel provides a shuttle bus there for a fee."
3. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#3 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Guest Relations Hau and Guest Relations Supervisor Thram (not sure if i spelt her name correctly) also ensured we have a more comfortable departure by giving us a complimentary shuttle service to the airport."
"However, it wasn't clear that the shuttle service is available in very limited times and based on my own experience and another traveller I overheard, it is filled up quickly."
2023
4. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,820 reviews
#4 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"She asked the shutter driver, when he went picking up guests at the airport, to go to the air line booking office to pay my air fare since my credit card did not work online."
"There is shuttle service to the airport but there were only 2 time slots available daily which we opted out and took our own Grab vehicle."
Visit hotel website
5. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
814 reviews
#5 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"I think it's a good hotel to stay for bussiness."
"Near to the airport too if you are doing a transit to other places !"
6. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
907 reviews
#6 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Variety of amenities provided including a ride service we used to get to Ba Na Hills."
"Given our mother's mobility challenges, the staff consistently assisted her to the lift with a welcoming smile."
7. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,089 reviews
#7 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We used the hotel shuttle for excursions, the laundry service, spa, pool, gym… everything was just right."
8. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#8 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"However, if I were to make one suggestion, I may not know the service, but I think it would be good if there were shuttle buses running within Da Nang city."
"There are daily shuttles to Hoi An for those eager to visit the place, and the Marble Mountains are but a short walk away."
9. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
#9 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We used the hotel transportation and were greeted at the airport with cold lemongrass scented towels and cool drinking water on the van."
"The breakfast was excellent and the shuttle bus to Hoi An was arranged for a reasonable price."
10. Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
#10 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Resort provides shuttle rides to both Danang and Hoi An and as its location is halfway, it takes 30 mins either way. Very convenient but need to look at the shuttle timetable."
"early check-in, booking for spa, preparing floating tray, arranging and confirming specific time for the shuttle to the airport on our day of deparuture, preparing breakfast boxes for two."
11. HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang
817 reviews
#11 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We arranged 3 day transfer from hotel to see Hue, Ba Na Hills and Hoi An."
"I eagerly recommend this hoetel!"
12. Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
#12 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have..."
13. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,961 reviews
#13 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We were only booked for one night , but Mr. Thien went out of his way to make sure our Da Nang - Hoi A transit was taken care."
"Especially this beautiful staff Tram, Uyen FO helped us so much and hyped us which made our day!"
Top Rated
14. Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
#14 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Excellent service, especially shuttle bus. We did not register for airport shuttle bus but got the support by extra car later."
"The hotel also offers shuttle services to and from the airport, making it a convenient option for travelers."
15. Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
462 reviews
#15 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We arrived in Da Nang very late, so I was advised by Helen Ngan to support the hotel shuttle which is safer and reasonable price (included in the room rate) .She was very enthusiastic and answered my inquiries qui..."
"This is my first time I’m came Da Nang . The breakfast very delicious and many choose . The room also very clean . The hotel has pool on the rop top very beautiful . Minimart on the 1st floor open 24/24. The staff..."
16. Paris Deli Hotel
2,348 reviews
#16 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Meine Klasse hatte eine Exkursion nach Vietnam und der Ort, den meine Klasse auswählte, war Da Nang."
"We used the hotel transport for tours and airport departure which we would recommend and booked when we stayed there"
17. Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#17 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Oh, and there is a shuttle service to take you to the airport, you can check it out!!"
"Jessica has been checking in with us about our stay and even offered a shuttle ride to the airport."
18. Melia Vinpearl Danang Riverfront
2,508 reviews
#18 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We arranged for transport to the attractions with the hotel — Thoa attended to us and recommended us the places to go in the short time that we’re here."
"Communication was smooth and swift especially when we need to book a transportation service from / to hotel."
All Inclusive
19. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#19 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I..."
20. Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
#20 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Very helpful staff as well that helped us with recommendations, transit and any other requests."
21. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
#21 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"One thing I would like to suggest, hope your hotel can resume the shuttle bus from.hotel to Hoi An and have more indoor activities for elderly and people who are not sporty."
"The staff, notably Quoc Nguyen in management and Hoang Anh in concierge services, kept me updated via their personal whatsapp, found the phone, and sent it with their hotel bus driver to Hoi An where we are staying."
22. Fivitel Da Nang Hotel
691 reviews
#22 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We only stayed one night here but would happily have stayed more if our itinerary allowed. The view of Dragon Bridge and the river make anything worthwhile. The pool on the roof is brilliant with its unobstructed..."
23. Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
724 reviews
#23 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Also, they have a transportation service to help you get around for a nominal fee, which we used twice and, if you need an umbrella, if there are any available, they will allow you to borrow one for the day."
"Lovely buffet breakfast included in price of $40 per night and an airport shuttle included, perfect value for money."
24. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#24 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"There are regular shuttles into Hoi An (takes approx 30 mins) which is definitely worth a visit, especially the historic old town area for shopping and restaurants."
"We used the shuttle bus to visit Hoi An, lovely old buildings but so very commercialised & touristy, we weren’t overly impressed."
25. Grand Sunrise Boutique Hotel
454 reviews
#25 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Bus pick ups are available at this Hotel for guided Local sight seeing like Bana Hills."
"They offer rides for a fee - which we did, for our trip to hoi an."
26. Val Soleil Hotel
62 reviews
#26 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"Absolutely wonderful stay here. The hotel has a pool, gym, spa, dining, free breakfast etc so lots to offer and in a great location for great value. What stood out to us most was the amazing service from staff..."
"Such a great hotel in the heart of Da Nang. We felt so at ease from the moment we walked in the door. A special shout out and thanks to Kate the Food and Beverage Manager who seemed always there to help, including..."
27. La Belle Vie Hotel
8 reviews
#27 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"The beds where amazing. Maybe even the best I had in my 6 months of travel. The shower was very nice, good water pressure. There is even a little kitchen in the rooms. I arrived late and there was still staff..."
"Nice hotel , good room, friendly staff , delicious breakfast , every thing is perfect , i will come back when i have a chance. They upgrade room for me , we don't pay any fee and give me a beautiful birthday cake..."
28. Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
#28 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good..."
29. Cordial Hotel
34 reviews
#29 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one..."
"Location- five minutes walk from the beach. The rooms were clean. Had an issue with the AC but was quickly sorted by Ms. Thoung and her team. She was also very helpful in suggesting laces to visit and eat. Ms. Win..."
30. Rosetta Hotel & Apartment
18 reviews
#30 Best Value of 172 Da Nang Hotels with Shuttle
"We stayed a night. We found on the booking.com and decided to book for our trip. The hotel is very cozy and warmest welcome us for late check in. Room is clean and enough amenities that we need. Reception is..."
"Rooms clean and neat, beds where comfortable and everyone working there was extremely friendly and helpful. Good location you can easliy walk to the beach and has a really nice shop next to it, makes it super easy..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Shuttle
Batu Ferringhi
The beaches are a huge draw, but there’s so much more to do in this Malaysian hotspot. Frolic with the delicate residents of a butterfly farm, then explore the fragrant landscape of tropical spice garden and fruit farms. The massive collection of dolls, games and models at the Toy Museum brings joy to kids and kids at heart. Save some energy for the Night Market, a lively scene of stalls where good-natured bargaining skills come in handy.
Read more
Canggu
Home to ultra-cool vegan cafés, beach bars, and boutiques, Canggu is a hipster’s paradise. The black sand of Echo Beach contrasts starkly with turquoise Indian Ocean waters, which are invariably peppered with surfers enjoying some of Bali’s best waves.
Nagasaki
History may overshadow Nagasaki in foreigners' minds, but pay a visit, and you'll find a thriving, easy-going, and welcoming city. Set around a picturesque harbor, Nagasaki also has a surprisingly cosmopolitan flavor, a legacy of the Dutch, Chinese, and British communities that have left their mark.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Airlie Beach
The gateway to the Great Barrier Reef, Airlie Beach is the main hub for all Reef activities and access to the Whitsunday Islands. Stunning views by day give way to a vibrant nightlife. The Airlie Beach Lagoon is a popular spot to relax and unwind. Visit nearby Conway National Park and Cedar Creek Falls to discover quiet coves, beaches and tropical rainforest.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Putrajaya
Bohol Island
Popular Da Nang Categories
Downtown Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
5 Star Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Shuttle information
Hotels with Shuttle Da Nang
172
Hotels with Shuttle Prices From
$10
Hotels with Shuttle Reviews
65,889
Hotels with Shuttle Photos
73,407
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a shuttle
What are the best hotels with a shuttle near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with a shuttle are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with a shuttle in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
172 of 2601
Upon returning to the airport, the hotel offered a free shuttle service. The shuttle in question was extremely comfortable for all seven of us, complete with massage chairs and lights on the ceiling like a party bus!
Upon returning
to the airport
, the hotel offered a
free shuttle
service. The
shuttle
in question was extremely comfortable for all seven of us, complete with massage chairs and lights on the ceiling like a party bus!
They also have shuttle service from airport for free for 10.30am and 3.30pm by pre-booking with them one day in advance. Nice relationship manager VIUVI who helped in booking the shuttle for us .
They also have
shuttle service
from airport for free for 10.30am and 3.30pm by pre-booking with them one day in advance. Nice relationship manager VIUVI who helped in booking the
for us .
Since the spa area is currently located at the Villas, we were driven there with the golf cart shuttle and were picked up again.
Since the spa area is currently located at the Villas, we were driven there with the golf cart
and were picked up again.
Although it’s 20 min away from Hoi An, we didn’t mind since it’s easy to book a cab to get there and the hotel provides a shuttle bus there for a fee.
Although it’s 20 min away from Hoi An, we didn’t mind since it’s easy to book a cab to get there and the hotel provides a
shuttle bus
there for a fee.
Guest Relations Hau and Guest Relations Supervisor Thram (not sure if i spelt her name correctly) also ensured we have a more comfortable departure by giving us a complimentary shuttle service to the airport.
Guest Relations Hau and Guest Relations Supervisor Thram (not sure if i spelt her name correctly) also ensured we have a more comfortable departure by giving us a complimentary
to the airport.
However, it wasn't clear that the shuttle service is available in very limited times and based on my own experience and another traveller I overheard, it is filled up quickly.
However, it wasn't clear that the
is available in very limited times and based on my own experience and another traveller I overheard, it is filled up quickly.
There is shuttle service to the airport but there were only 2 time slots available daily which we opted out and took our own Grab vehicle.
There is
to the airport but there were only 2 time slots available daily which we opted out and took our own Grab vehicle.
Near to the airport too if you are doing a transit to other places !
Near
too if you are doing a transit to other places !
We used the hotel shuttle for excursions, the laundry service, spa, pool, gym… everything was just right.
We used the hotel
for excursions, the laundry service, spa, pool, gym… everything was just right.
However, if I were to make one suggestion, I may not know the service, but I think it would be good if there were shuttle buses running within Da Nang city.
However, if I were to make one suggestion, I may not know the service, but I think it would be good if there were
buses running within Da Nang city.
The breakfast was excellent and the shuttle bus to Hoi An was arranged for a reasonable price.
The breakfast was excellent and the
to Hoi An was arranged for a reasonable price.
Resort provides shuttle rides to both Danang and Hoi An and as its location is halfway, it takes 30 mins either way. Very convenient but need to look at the shuttle timetable.
Resort provides
rides to both Danang and Hoi An and as its location is halfway, it takes 30 mins either way. Very convenient but need to look at the
timetable.
early check-in, booking for spa, preparing floating tray, arranging and confirming specific time for the shuttle to the airport on our day of deparuture, preparing breakfast boxes for two.
early check-in, booking for spa, preparing floating tray, arranging and confirming specific time for the
to the airport on our day of deparuture, preparing breakfast boxes for two.
Excellent service, especially shuttle bus. We did not register for airport shuttle bus but got the support by extra car later.
Excellent service, especially
. We did not register for
airport shuttle
bus but got the support by extra car later.
The hotel also offers shuttle services to and from the airport, making it a convenient option for travelers.
The hotel also offers
services to and
from the airport
, making it a convenient option for travelers.
We arrived in Da Nang very late, so I was advised by Helen Ngan to support the hotel shuttle which is safer and reasonable price (included in the room rate) .She was very enthusiastic and answered my inquiries qui...
We arrived in Da Nang very late, so I was advised by Helen Ngan to support the
hotel shuttle
which is safer and reasonable price (included in the room rate) .She was very enthusiastic and answered my inquiries qui...
Oh, and there is a shuttle service to take you to the airport, you can check it out!!
Oh, and there is a
to take you
, you can check it out!!
Jessica has been checking in with us about our stay and even offered a shuttle ride to the airport.
Jessica has been checking in with us about our stay and even offered a
ride
.
One thing I would like to suggest, hope your hotel can resume the shuttle bus from.hotel to Hoi An and have more indoor activities for elderly and people who are not sporty.
One thing I would like to suggest, hope your hotel can resume the
from.hotel to Hoi An and have more indoor activities for elderly and people who are not sporty.
Lovely buffet breakfast included in price of $40 per night and an airport shuttle included, perfect value for money.
Lovely buffet breakfast included in price of $40 per night and an
included, perfect value for money.
We used the shuttle bus to visit Hoi An, lovely old buildings but so very commercialised & touristy, we weren’t overly impressed.
We used the
to visit Hoi An, lovely old buildings but so very commercialised & touristy, we weren’t overly impressed.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
