Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
Rachel M wrote a review Sep 2023
1 contribution
Binh is the best
Butler Binh is the best! Incredible service from our butler Binh, always happy to help! The resort is well kept and the staff are fantastic. I would definitely recommend staying at Furama Resort. Thank you to all
Date of stay: September 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Sep 5, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Sincerely on behalf of team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Tourist61559991187 wrote a review Sep 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh
Hello Viet Nam, this is a second time I travel Viet Nam, your country is beautiful, when I stayed at Furama villa, butler Binh took care my family, he was handsome and funny. He took me how to say Thank you and Hello in Vietnamese language "xin chao" and " cam on" . He is so kind and nice
Responded Sep 4, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas, Thank you for your kind words and appreciation. I'm delighted to hear that you had a relaxing and enjoyable time during your stay. It's truly fantastic to know that this is your second time returning to Viet Nam Your recognition of Butler Binh's assistance is truly appreciated. He's dedicated to making sure our guests have a wonderful stay, and I'm thrilled that he was able to enhance your summer vacation Thank you for choosing us, and we're excited to create more memorable moments for you and your family on your next trip Best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Dreamer686613 wrote a review Sep 2023
2 contributions
Thanks to.butler.Binh
My villa is P01, iam so happy when i have a fantastic experiences. My villa has an ocean view, so i can see the beach everyday, it made me full energy. Butler Binh took care my family, he was so kind and helpful. He helped my family a lot, i think that furama is great
Dear valued guest, We're thrilled to hear that you had such a fantastic time at Villa P01 with its beautiful ocean view. Our team, including Butler Binh, takes pride in ensuring our guests have memorable stays. We appreciate your kind words and look forward to the opportunity to welcome you and your family back to Furama in the future. If you have any special requests or need assistance with anything else, please don't hesitate to reach out. Your satisfaction is our top priority Warmest Regards, Nguyen Van Thanh (Mr.) Villas Operation Manager
서우 박 wrote a review Sep 2023
My experience
This is the first time i go to Vietnam, your country is so beautiful, i had many fantastic experiences at Furama villa. The pool is so beautiful and breakfast dishes is yummy. Butler Binh is so kind and nice. He helped me to check out
獅子十六 wrote a review Sep 2023
Fuchu, Japan1 contribution
Nice service
Good staff and Good service. I enjoy the view and the room here. staff here are really friendly and helpful. they always willing to help us with everything. I will recommend this place to my friends
Greetings from Furama Villas Da Nang, We're delighted to hear that you had a great experience during your stay with us! Our team works hard to provide excellent service, and it's wonderful to know that you enjoyed the view, and your room, and found our staff to be friendly and helpful. Thank you for your recommendation to your friends; we greatly appreciate it. If you ever decide to return or have any special requests, don't hesitate to let us know. We'd love to welcome you back for another enjoyable stay. We have many offers at Vsenses Spa, Cafe Indochine restaurant and Hai Van Lounge waiting for your return. We are sure that you will have wonderful experiences and no regrets Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Alice N wrote a review Sep 2023
the room is nice and service is good. I enjoyed the food at the restaurant. The staff is so friendly and helpful ☺️☺️☺️ . I definitely recommend this place to my friends. I will come back in the future for sure.
Date of stay: August 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you so much for your kind words! We're delighted to hear that you enjoyed your stay with us. Our team works hard to provide excellent service, and it's always rewarding to receive such positive feedback. We look forward to welcoming you back in the future, and we appreciate your recommendation to your friends Once again, thank you for choosing our Furama Villas Best Regard, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Wanderer34938455985 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh 😃😃
this is second time i stayed at Furama villa. The first time was 3 months ago, i was really happy because butler Binh who took care my family twice times. He is the best butler at Furama. He always replied my messages immediately whenever i need his supports. He is excellent
Responded Aug 30, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas, Thank you for your kind words and appreciation. I'm delighted to hear that you had a relaxing and enjoyable time during your stay. It's truly fantastic to know that this is your second time returning to us. Your recognition of Butler Binh's assistance is truly appreciated. He's dedicated to making sure our guests have a wonderful stay, and I'm thrilled that he was able to enhance your summer vacation Thank you for choosing us, and we're excited to create more memorable moments for you and your family on your next trip Best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
fred wrote a review Aug 2023
Seoul, South Korea2 contributions
The great hospitality from staffs
To give thanks to Trang We stayed in S36 villa from 24th to 28th. We all family had great time there with staffs' hospitality. Especially Mis. Trang One of the exiting was Birthday cake for my daughters. It was amazing support.
Responded Aug 29, 2023
We sincerely appreciate your kind words and feedback about your stay at the S36 villa! It's wonderful to hear that you and your family had a fantastic time and enjoyed the exceptional hospitality provided by our staff. We are particularly grateful to Ms. Trang for her outstanding service and care during your stay. We are delighted that the birthday cake for your daughters added a special touch to your experience. Making memorable moments like these is what we strive for, and we're thrilled that we could contribute to your celebrations. Thank you for choosing to stay with us and for taking the time to share your positive experience. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you and your family back for more wonderful stays in the future. Thank you and best regards, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Fearless25191497789 wrote a review Aug 2023
thanks to Butler Binh
my villa is S07, i had a perfect experience when i stay at Furama villa 3 nights, my private pool is so cool,i really like it. dishes at Danaksara is yummy. Butler Binh took care my family, he visited my family every afternoon. He is excellent. I will come back here in the Future
Responded Aug 27, 2023
Xin chao from Da Nang, We're delighted to hear that you had a fantastic experience during your stay! We're especially pleased to hear about your positive interactions with Butler Binh. It's wonderful that Binh could assist you promptly Thank you for choosing our property for your stay, and we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back for another exceptional experience in the future Thank You and Best regards Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
DDoomi wrote a review Aug 2023
Ansan, South Korea1 contribution
My villa is S48, i'm so happy when i stayed here, because my villa is close to main pool. the dishes is so good. today is my son's birthday, butler Binh gave him a birthday cake and sent nice wishes to him. Thanks to butler Binh so much. i hope to see him at Furama when i will come back here
Response from Manager Furama Villas , Dịch vụ khách hàng / Lễ tân at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Aug 23, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you so much for taking the time to share your feedback about your recent stay at our Furama Villas. . We're glad that your son had a memorable birthday party and Butler Binh's assistance contributed to your overall enjoyment during your stay. Thank you once again for choosing to stay with us and for sharing your positive experiences. We truly appreciate your kind words and look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back for another enjoyable stay in the future. Sincerely on behalf of team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Previous
Next
1…45678…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
Rachel M
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Tourist61559991187
Dreamer686613
2
서우 박
獅子十六
Fuchu, Japan
Alice N
Wanderer34938455985
fred
Seoul, South Korea
Fearless25191497789
DDoomi
Ansan, South Korea
…
5
7
8
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
