Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayCaverns/ Caves in Halong Bay
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Caverns & Caves
Caverns & Caves in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Nature & Parks
Caverns & Caves
Islands
Beaches
Bodies of Water
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Honeymoon spot
7 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
2023
1. Sung Sot Cave
1,861
By 573amenas
There is a a large freshwater lake, stunning stalagmites and stalactites, and attractive rock formations.
See tours
2. Dau Go Cave
713
By tananhn2023
Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us.
3. Dong Thien Cung
571
By ShrutiPramodReddy
The walkways / steps, lighting, signs and water fountains all make visiting this limestone cave, a very groomed exper...
4. Tien Ong Cave
44
By HalongEscapeSails
The cave is nice, cool inside but crowed. So sometimes we needed to go very slowly after other people.
5. Me Cung Cave
10
Open now
By htaccountants
visiting the cave was prearranged & booked by our tour manager.our guide took us there in small boat from cruise...
6. Dark & Light Cave
2
By Kennyguide
Booked a day tour on private chartered junk to explore Halong bay and Lan Ha bay from Cai Beo pier. We had a wonderful...
7. Thien Canh Son Cave
42
By Brissyblonde
The walk up the steps to the cave entrance was manageable. I stopped to rest but realised I was at the entrance. The...
What travelers are saying
haram B
2 contributions
0
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Tantanlee
Nice walking cave in Halong
It is nice cave of Halong Bay and it is nice cave of limestone mountains to visit. It takes about 45 minutes for walking. Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us. A good company
Review of: Dau Go Cave
Written February 18, 2023
Discover56156625886
1 contribution
Thien Cung Cave
So crowde if you come here in the summer, althought this cave is special. Maybe must try when you travel Ha Long Bay
Review of: Dong Thien Cung
Written September 28, 2023
Brilliant Pottery
Palm Beach, FL32 contributions
Natural wonder
Wow such a natural wonder. The cave shows the stalagmites, and the formation over thousands of years.
Review of: Tien Ong Cave
Written October 13, 2019
htaccountants
Leicester, UK148 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE/STAY
visiting the cave was prearranged & booked by our tour manager.our guide took us there in small boat from cruise ship.visit is not suitable for people with disability,asthma etc.guide warns you of steep steps.there are warning notices outside the cave. the entrance to cave is narrow and as oneway entrance&exit is always crowded.have to mind your head as some part of cave is very law&narrow.no men made steps so have to be very careful once entering the cave.1 hour is enough,there is a small beach nearby as option but there too steps are very steep/difficult.we went up the steps from cave to get a amazing view of halong bay.worth a visit if fit.
Read more
Review of: Me Cung Cave
Written May 6, 2018
Rogé G
Toulouse, France3 contributions
1
Kayaking to this cave on a sunny morning
Beautiful caves in a large area. The day I visited was sunny so the water looked crystal clear. So glad I woke up early to visit the caves
Review of: Dark & Light Cave
egwanderlust
Hampton, NH1,328 contributions
45
Skip It
While the location and scenery are beautiful. This tiny cave has been destroyed by years of tourism. Our guide let us know that fishermen have been harvesting the stalagmites and stalactites over the years, slowly killing this small cave.

The hike up to the cave is relatively short but steep. The views and lush plants make this walk relaxing. There are hundreds of caves in Vietnam worth visiting, but this one isn't one of them.
Review of: Thien Canh Son Cave
Written December 10, 2023
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for caverns & caves in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best caverns & caves in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best caverns & caves in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best caverns & caves in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Caverns/ Caves in Halong Bay
1.
573amenas
There is a a large freshwater lake, stunning stalagmites and stalactites, and attractive
rock formations
.
2.
tananhn2023
Thank you
Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us.
3.
ShrutiPramodReddy
The walkways / steps, lighting, signs and water fountains all make visiting this
limestone
cave, a very groomed exper...
4.
HalongEscapeSails
5.
6.
Kennyguide
7.
Brissyblonde
Palm Beach, FL
32 contributions
Leicester, UK
148 contributions
Toulouse, France
3 contributions
Hampton, NH
1,328 contributions
