Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Minh House
95 reviews
#1 of 296 small hotels in Da Nang
104 To Hien Thanh 16 Can ho, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (197)
Traveler
(163)
Dining
(32)
Room & Suite
(10)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.6
Cleanliness
Service
Value
Minh House - To Hien Thanh is one kind of ecological apartment which is equipped with the modern and luxury things. Just walking a few steps, you can reach to the legendary My Khe beach. It takes you 4km to the airport, 1km to the center and 500m to the beach. You can enjoy the specialties everywhere. Welcome to Minh House.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Free breakfast
Airport transportation
24-hour security
Dry cleaning
Laundry service
Show more
Room features
Air conditioning
Room service
Kitchenette
Minibar
Refrigerator
Room types
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
3.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Charming
Trendy
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Good for walkers
Grade: 83 out of 100
83
Da Nang Airport
2.9 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.8 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
31 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Cardi Pizzeria Võ Văn Kiệt
75
3 min
$$ - $$$
Italian
Moc Seafood
321
5 min
$
Seafood
MAMA HOT POT Buffet - Võ Văn Kiệt
55
Torino Restaurant and Bakery
81
6 min
See all nearby restaurants
3 Attractions
KOTO CLUB DA NANG
7
Bars & Clubs
Fire - Fly Mobile Bar
2
Van's Touch
Speciality & Gift Shops
See all nearby attractions
95
Reviews
Q+A
4
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 79
Very Good 12
Average 3
Poor 0
Terrible 1
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(95)
English(52)
Chinese (Sim.)(23)
Chinese (Trad.)(23)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsbeautiful pool
Sort by:
Most Recent
Sherwin D. wrote a review Nov 2019
Phnom Penh, Cambodia17 contributions2 helpful votes
Friendly staff, nice hotel!
Loved all the staff there as they were very attentive and very helpful! Breakfast was nice and Wi-Fi was fast. Room has hair dryer, slippers and I also like their toothbrush! Hotel is pretty centrally located: close to restaurants and beach.
Read more
Date of stay: November 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Lanquan123 wrote a review Nov 2019
3 contributions
Love Minh House at the first sight
My friend and me spent two night at Minh Boutique. The hotel is amazing with unique design. How beautiful it is and so easy to go to the beach. Breakfast was yummy and good decoration. We were truly impressed by the staff because they are so attentive to us and helpful. Thanks for giving us a lovely stay. We will definitely come back to enjoy it again!
Tiennguyen wrote a review Oct 2019
Friendly hotel staff, comfortable space. Great breakfast. Will keep coming next time.
Modern architecture, with natural light and tranquility. Friendly hotel staff, good customer support. Especially the beautiful receptionist. Has a very nice pool, free breakfast. The perfect position can take 2 minutes to go to the beach and 3 minutes to go to the city center, beautiful bridges in Danang. The bedroom is clean, fully furnished. The bathroom is nice and clean. Will keep visiting when I come to Da Nang. 👍🏻
Date of stay: October 2019
Duy Tran wrote a review Aug 2019
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam81 contributions14 helpful votes
+1
Beautiful space, friendly staffs, not comfortable rooms
What I like: - The space is extremely beautiful, designed in the style of green space brings very comfortable and relaxing time staying here. - Always play the music with a gentle harmony, you can hear in the room because the room is designed to connect the whole house, can adjust the music volume or turn off from the room very conveniently. - Rooms are spacious and clean. The balcony can see the green indoor space and the pool is very beautiful. - Staffs are extremely friendly, cute and polite. What I dislike: - Because the dining room, the kitchen and the reception counter are in the same room, it is always very smelly. - Air conditioner in the room is very old, cold mode at 20 degrees and the highest fan speed still feels hot so I have to ask for more fan. - The…
Date of stay: August 2019
1 Helpful vote
hoàng tệu wrote a review Jul 2019
Da Nang, Vietnam1 contribution1 helpful vote
Visit my friend Kelvin
I love this hotel and highly recommend to everyone who come to this city, Da Nang. This hotel is awesome, breakfats is delicous, room is big clean, big swimming pool and the best thing in this hotel is friendly staff especially Kelvin, my friend! He is friendly, helpful and really funny. He can speak good english and spanish. This is the first time i came to this city and had good experience. I will comeback and of coure Minh house is my first choice. Muchas gracias Kelvin. Muchos gustos y Hasta pronto en Barcelona tio
Date of stay: July 2019
Pui wrote a review Jul 2019
Hong Kong, China14 contributions4 helpful votes
Very sweet hotel
This is a very sweet hotel. It’s small. It doesn’t have many guests in here, so the staffs will remember all the guests. It has some little inserts in the room but it didn’t affect my experience. I love here very much. Very good environment and polite staff. The room is very comfortable. I have a good sleep in here. They have many TV channel in here too. You’ll never feel bored😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Thống Huynh wrote a review Jul 2019
Da Nang, Vietnam3 contributions3 helpful votes
Awesome place
Upon arrival at Minh House, I was greeted with the warmest welcome I have ever experienced. The staff Kelvin was there to greet me and made sure I had everything I needed, including help with planning my stay in Da Nang and even sent his colleague to accompany me sightseeing since I was traveling solo. The room was clean and spacious and the hotel is located very close to the beach. It was great to be able to walk there in the AM before departing from Da Nang. Highly recommended for anyone visiting Da Nang. Big thanks to Kelvin and all staffs in Minh hotel
Bazzathegreat wrote a review Jul 2019
Avoca Beach, Australia119 contributions101 helpful votes
Not bad but!
Hotel looks great on the web. We had a number of issues . The floor tiles in the bathroom and around the pool are very slippery. No where to hang towels.The A/c didn’t cool the room down to 20c. There is no room around the pool to put sun lounger. The breakfast was very average- cold tea and coffee, processed spam and eggs you could bounce off the wall. Staff were nice ,however wouldn’t go back.
2 Helpful votes
micttda130015 wrote a review Jun 2019
awsome hotel
The service in this hotel is execellent, very friendly staff esp Kelvin. The hotel is just a few hundred meters to the beach but still in a quiet street. Many other bars and restaurants and massage are just around the corner.
Date of stay: May 2019
Experience785378 wrote a review May 2019
1 contribution
best hotel have ever seen
Minh House is at the middle of the street, where you think there is nothing more. ... Special thanks to Kelvin the front desk who welcomed us with her big smile and came with us with his motorbike and helped us to buy some medicine and good restaurants in the area. We love this hotel so much, highly recommend and we will comeback. What a dream hotel!
Date of stay: June 2019
Previous
Next
123456
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$31 - $43 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
16
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
MINH HOUSE $36 ($̶9̶7̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
View all photos
(197)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
2.9
mi
42.8
3
min
5
6
79
12
0
1
All languages
(95)
English
(52)
Chinese (Sim.)
(23)
Chinese (Trad.)
Sherwin D.
Phnom Penh, Cambodia
17 contributions
17
2 helpful votes
Date of stay:
transparency report
Lanquan123
Tiennguyen
Duy Tran
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
81 contributions
14 helpful votes
14
What I like: - The space is extremely beautiful, designed in the style of green space brings very comfortable and relaxing time staying here. - Always play the music with a gentle harmony, you can hear in the room because the room is designed to connect the whole house, can adjust the music volume or turn off from the room very conveniently. - Rooms are spacious and clean. The balcony can see the green indoor space and the pool is very beautiful. - Staffs are extremely friendly, cute and polite. What I dislike: - Because the dining room, the kitchen and the reception counter are in the same room, it is always very smelly. - Air conditioner in the room is very old, cold mode at 20 degrees and the highest fan speed still feels hot so I have to ask for more fan. - The
hoàng tệu
Da Nang, Vietnam
1 helpful vote
Pui
Hong Kong, China
14 contributions
4 helpful votes
Thống Huynh
3 helpful votes
Bazzathegreat
Avoca Beach, Australia
119 contributions
119
101 helpful votes
101
micttda130015
Experience785378
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
