Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Balconies
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Open-air room service, beautiful views, and starry nights included.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
95 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Balcony
Hotels & Motels
91. Madame Trang Da Nang Hotel & Apartment
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
#91 Best Value of 5 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
92. Abogo Point Resort Villa Pool Golf Da Nang
#92 Best Value of 5 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
93. Bill House & Concept
#93 Best Value of 5 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
94. Martin Ho Hotel by Medii
#94 Best Value of 5 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
95. Loving Homestay And Apartment Da Nang
#95 Best Value of 5 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Popular destinations for Hotels with Balconies
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Khao Lak
Just 80 kilometers north of Phuket, Khao Lak was essentially erased by the 2004 tsunami. But the town, and the tourist industry it relies on, has rebounded. It remains quieter than other coastal destinations, offering secluded beaches, tranquil nights and family-oriented activities. You want full moon parties and besotted nights? You’re out of luck. But if you’re looking for unparalleled scuba diving in the Similan Islands, you’ve hit the jackpot.
Genting Highlands
Breathe deep in Genting Highlands where, unlike nearby Kuala Lumpur, the air is fresh and clean. Aside from its resort life, visitors flock to hill station to enjoy cooler temperatures, mountain scenery, strawberry farms, and a relatively undisturbed, natural rain forest.
Port Dickson
Feast on seafood and relax on the stunning beaches of Port Dickson, just 90 kilometers from Kuala Lumpur.
Amed
This East Bali beach town is known for excellent SCUBA diving and snorkeling. New hotels are springing up on this coast, especially in Candidasa, a scenic 40-minute drive to its south. Amed is also a great place to admire Bali’s colorful outrigger boats.
Muscat Governorate
The Omani city of Muscat is predominantly populated by Islamic Arabs, though it also has a sizable, non-resident Indian population, further rounded out by American, British and Dutch citizens. Muscat is a tolerant and progressive city, where English speakers are relatively common. Arrange fares beforehand if seeing the city by taxi. To explore further, consider renting a car. Don't miss the imposing Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque, atmospheric Old Muttrah Souk, Al Alam Royal Palace or Al Jalali Fort.
Airlie Beach
The gateway to the Great Barrier Reef, Airlie Beach is the main hub for all Reef activities and access to the Whitsunday Islands. Stunning views by day give way to a vibrant nightlife. The Airlie Beach Lagoon is a popular spot to relax and unwind. Visit nearby Conway National Park and Cedar Creek Falls to discover quiet coves, beaches and tropical rainforest.
Pushkar
Troodos Mountains
Popular Da Nang Categories
Beach Resorts
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Private Balcony
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
M Suite Danang
149 reviews
In Da Nang
#1 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"The only downside was that the balcony isnt a real balcony as one would say, but if you want to chill outdoor, the restaurant and pool areas are perfect!"
"The views of the beach from the balcony are very nice."
Bella Boutique Villa Apartment
23 reviews
2.6 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 60 Specialty lodging in Son Tra Peninsula
"My partner and I have been staying at Bella Boutique for several weeks now, during the crazy year that is 2020. The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are always very clean and are of a good size. They also come..."
"Excellent hotel stay here with a group most friendlies and warm team got hotel staffs. They are always ever ready to help to advise us for sure seeing place, and local food to recommended. Upon arriving, We..."
Richico Apartments and Hotel
79 reviews
#143 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"We had very sad experience after entering to the room. We found duvet cover having a hole in it, however hotel team did make over after the request. Wifi seems much on and off which was irritating. Food during..."
"Hotel location was good, close to the beach and plenty of restaurants and shops. Room was clean and quiet with a comfortable bed. Staff was friendly. And the rooftop pool was great with a nice view of the beach and..."
Carol's Homestay & Apartment
5 reviews
3.0 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 46 B&Bs / Inns in Son Tra Peninsula
"This is a cosy place with a good location. The homestay is pets friendly and it’s very important because we are traveling with the cat. The room is clean and fully furnished. The owner is very nice and helpful. We..."
"We absolutely loved our stay at Carol's Homestay! Carol is very attentive and ensures that her guests are as comfortable as can be. The rooms are all spacious and full of natural light. The building is new and each..."
OASIS Hotel & Apartment
19 reviews
1.8 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 10 Specialty lodging in Phuoc My
"A lovely stay in this hotel. We had a free airport pick up which was great! We were upgraded to the rooftop room which was lovely and spacious. Amazing views and the bed was lovely and soft (makes a change for the..."
"Da Nang Oasis Apt. Hotel 28 March -April 01. Arrived at 2 pm, no power, no elevator we took the stairs to the fifth floor, no fruits in the room. We had agreed with the owner that his family would cook dinner for..."
Olga Apartment Danang
3 reviews
#101 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Very lucky to have found this place to seek shelter before the storm hit. The room is spacious and comfortable, the windows strong and heavy. It is almost like it was designed to be storm proof as there is a small..."
"The apartment was brilliant; very clean, cool decor, and had all the amenities you could need. The staff are also great - the receptionist who checked us in on arrival was lovely and literally walked us to a local..."
An Macrobiotic Homestay & Apartment
2 reviews
2.3 miles from Da Nang
#6 of 60 Specialty lodging in Son Tra Peninsula
"I mean, such a nice apartment for the price. I’m still in shock! 😂 Here’s a summary - great location 📍 - easy check in 🏨 - lovely host 👩🏻 - huge room 🏠 - nice bathroom 🚽 - stylish furnishings..."
"5/5 ⭐️ for everything. Place was clean and had free weekly cleaning. Hanh had paid attention to things that we didn’t find in most other places in Vietnam. She has motorcycles to rent if you want. The location is 10..."
Cocochine - A Vie Collection
24 reviews
#165 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Just average, nearby drinking places, but so so so many mosquito in bars at night, The younger security boy , hmmm... how to say somehow quite weird, security supposed to take care of your bike and restore it, but..."
"As far as Da Nang is concerned, the location of this hotel is good. Da Nang is a very small place, with plenty of restaurants located within 3km of hotel, meaning cheap taxi or short scooter ride for food..."
Tien Hotel & Apartment
1 review
#348 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Unsuitable accommodation due to loud live music and karaoke every evening in the outdoor entertainment area of the hotel. Music played at the loudest possible volume until late at night makes staying at this place..."
Happy Day Hotel Da Nang
133 reviews
#24 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"I stayed at the Happy Day Hotel for four nights in August 2023. I chose this hotel based off the location and cheap price, and I was greatly satisfied in those areas. The river view rooms offer great views across..."
Kua Casa Suite
11 reviews
#47 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"I stayed here for a four nights. The hotel is nice and the rooms are good. My initial room was one without windows which I was aware of beforehand. The room was spacious, comfortable and had plenty of desk space..."
"I booked this hotel last minute without seeing any proper review. So here i am reviewing it personally after staying, for the price this is a steal... Very Very good location if you want to stay near the beach..."
The Five Villas - Ocean Villas Da Nang
9 reviews
#71 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"We stayed in the 6 bedrooms villa for 4 nights. Our group is 9 adults and five kiddies. We have had a wonderful time at this beautiful resort, the breakfast were being prepared and served in the villa which was..."
"10/10 experience! Newly built villa hence rooms were very clean, modern and nice! Room layout was good and the bed and pillows were so comfortable - one of the best I’ve experienced! Few minutes walk to the..."
Blue-S Hotel & Apartment
#192 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
Rose Home
#212 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
The Ocean Villas
#287 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"We booked a ln L shaped 4 bed villa to stay with with friends. We really tried to find honest reviews but struggled so were hopeful but unsure what it would be like. The resort itself is set in beautifully..."
Temple Da Nang
91 reviews
2.5 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 14 B&Bs / Inns in Phuoc My
"The site said the room accommodated 4 people - 2 adults, 1 child and 1 infant. We had to pay 200,000 dong/night extra for our child, and our toddler was free. This got us one large bed for us all to sleep in, and 2..."
"Nice place at the beach for reading a book and drinking a watermelon juice. Always a nice sea breeze, like to have a coffee there in the morning or a beer in the afternoon. I can just sit down and read a book while..."
Flexi Hotel & Apartment
6 reviews
#51 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"I am delighted with how comfortable the stay was. The apartment was large and well equipped, it is very clean and quiet. Very good neighborhood. The staff cared about my satisfaction with my stay. Here I would..."
"Really recommend that you stay at this hotel if you come to Da Nang, the pool view is extremely beautiful and the staff is super cute, every time you pass by the lobby, the receptionists "hello" in unison, 10 points..."
The 79 House
#369 of 375 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
Grand Seaview Hotel & Spa
26 reviews
#112 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"clean room, close to everything u need, only breakfast is so so...Front desk ladies r super helpful and help book the restaurant which I want a bday surprise for my frd, Tam n Phuong Trinh r nice one of those"
"This was a great stay, clean, fresh and great price. We had a room with a balcony which was a nice touch. It was conveniently located near restaurants and bars and just a short stroll to the beach. Staff were..."
The Glomad Danang Hotel
63 reviews
#9 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"This is a simple but clean hotel located near the beach . Just 5 walking minutes from the beach and 15 minute drive from the airport . The hotel room is spacious for its price and has firm mattress and a safe and a..."
"This hotel is good value for the money. The street isn’t overly busy, so it isn’t overly loud. City view is best in monsoon season as the winds are strong from the ocean. The breakfast was really good . The..."
Sion Hotel
#125 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Nice room, friendly staff. Loud surroundings what can be annoying in the morning. Can hire motorbikes from them. Cheap and in the centre so you get where you pay for. For budget range hotel a fine hotel. "
"The Sion Hotel is located in a good area and just around the corner we found a nice bakery. The rooms were large, but dirty. The walls near the beds need a good clean, the bathroom had not been cleaned when we..."
My An Dong Hotel
#22 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"One of the best hotels I have been, I booked for a single room but when I went in the Hotel she gave us the big room for free as it was available. The lady (owner) is very lovely, she speaks English and helped us to..."
"My Husband and I stayed at My An Dong Hotel for one week. Upon arrival we where helped with the foreign currency. Mrs Kim the SWEETEST Lady upgraded us to a bigger room as it was quiet season. The boutique hotel is..."
Dango Hostel Danang
20 reviews
#43 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Good little cafe with a variety of food and drinks and lovely waitress. We stopped here after a long car journey from Hue, it was a welcome break and the waitress was very polite and attentive. Also, free Wi-Fi..."
"We were looking for some local beer as we walk by a hostel which near our hotel. Nhi the owner had given us the prettiest smile ever and invited us to come in for drinks, we ended up having a karraoke night which..."
Atlantic Hotel
21 reviews
#112 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"The room is located about 3-5min walk from the beach. Although the staff didn't speak much English they were still able to organise motorbike hire for us and help up us with getting the local bus to Hoi An. The room..."
"We enjoyed 2 rooms at the Atlantic this week. The rooms were comfortable and very clean. The staff remained friendly throughout our visit. There are excellent restaurants within a short walk and the beach is well..."
Olina Hotel
31 reviews
#48 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"I’ve arrived the hotel very late around 23.30 pm from the airport because of delaying flight. Upon arrival, a security help us with our luggage and show us the room but unfortunately, there are no place to eat..."
"We stayed here for 3 nights whilst we visited Da Nang. Fairly straight forward hotel, rooms were ok, bed was comfortable. Good wifi and helpful reception. Location was just on the outskirts of city very close to..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with balconies
What are the best hotels with balconies near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with balconies in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with balconies are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with balconies in Da Nang?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are good for families?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang allow pets?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
95 of 2601
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
The only downside was that the balcony isnt a real balcony as one would say, but if you want to chill outdoor, the restaurant and pool areas are perfect!
The only downside was that the balcony isnt a
real balcony
as one would say, but if you want to chill outdoor, the restaurant and pool areas are perfect!
The views of the beach from the balcony are very nice.
The views of the beach from the
balcony
are very nice.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
