Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Catbi Airport (HPH)
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Hai Phong Hotels  Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
View map
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong Hotels  
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
13
Free Wifi
151
& up
145
Family-friendly
40
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+144
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
104
Pool
64
Free parking
125
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Pelican Cave (Hang Bo Nau)
Cat Ba National Park
Traveler rating
80
179
190
Hotel class
4 stars
33
3 stars
26
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
20
Mid-range
66
Luxury
30
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
859 of 2,018 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Catbi Airport

2023
91. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
21.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#91 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
92. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 80175, Vietnam
#92 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...”
93. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
21.3 miles from Catbi Airport
#93 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...”
94. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#94 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
95. SeaStar Hotel
Phan Chu Trinh Street | Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 13820, Vietnam
#95 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...”
96. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#96 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.”
97. Marina Hotel
8 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street | 05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#97 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...”
98. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong | Cai Dam, Halong Bay 0333, Vietnam
21.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#98 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...”
99. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#99 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...”
100. Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#100 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…”
101. Bao Han Hotel
1 review
Phan Boi Chau, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#101 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…”
102. White Crown Hotel
10 reviews
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
21.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#102 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...”
103. Galaxy Halong Hotel
15 Tien Ong Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#103 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
104. Halong Seoul Hotel
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam, Halong Bay 201310, Vietnam
#104 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…”
105. A25 Hotel - Bai Chay Ha Long
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao | Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#105 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
106. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
Dong Hung Thang Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#106 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…”
107. Kenny Hotel
13, Block 8, Cai Dam, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#107 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…”
108. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#108 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
109. Halong Centrica Hotel
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street, Ha Long, Vietnam
#109 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...”
110. Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
135 Tung Dinh Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
21.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#110 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...”
111. Seoul Hotel 2 & Apartment
Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#111 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
112. Zo D'boutique Hotel
28 29 30 Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#112 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…”
113. The Twin Hotel
Ha Long Road | TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#113 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
114. Lynh's Villa
5/72 Ha Sen, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#114 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…”
115. 1925 Boutique Hotel
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#115 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...”
116. Dai Thanh Hotel
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang, Ha Long, Vietnam
#116 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…”
117. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#117 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...”
118. Blue Sky Hotel
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#118 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...”
119. Bach Dang Hotel
No 2 Ha Long, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#119 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
120. Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#120 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...”
Previous
Next
123456…
859 of 2,018 properties
Clear all filters
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 80175,
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of
the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on,
with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
Phan Chu Trinh Street
Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 13820,
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in
amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
Hoang Quoc Viet Road
Bai Chay
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago.
Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay
Ha Long 01119,
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice
The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong
Cai Dam
Halong Bay 0333,
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is
to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St
This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
This four star hotel, is part of one of the
larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the
citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
Phan Boi Chau
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel
is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience
the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
15 Tien Ong Street
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam
Halong Bay 201310,
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa
before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao
Ha Long 200000,
Dong Hung Thang Road
Halong Bay,
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like
that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
13, Block 8, Cai Dam
This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
This hotel is not so far with night market. The
problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street
Ha Long,
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel
like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
135 Tung Dinh Street
Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
Only went to the restaurant but service was
great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
28 29 30 Thuy Tung
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good
breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
Ha Long Road
TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
5/72 Ha Sen
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong,
but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so
sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang
Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
Found it well out of the way for Halong
trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one
there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change
the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
No 2 Ha Long
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4
We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
We arrived at this hotel with not very high
expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
