Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Saltwater Pool
THE BEST Hotels with Saltwater Pool in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Saltwater Pool
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
1 of 813 properties is available and matches your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Saltwater Pool
1. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
#1 Best Value of 1 Hai Phong Hotels with Saltwater Pool
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Saltwater Pool
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Ho Tram
Nago
The Nilgiris District
Tyumen
Herzliya
Sunshine Coast
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsSaltwater Pool
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
"The hotel was lovely. We were only there for one night before getting on a cruise to the Ha Long Bay Islands. It is slightly more pricey than other hotels in Vietnam but it was an ideal location for the cruise..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Saltwater Pool
Grand View Palace Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
26.5 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The..."
Matches:Saltwater Pool
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
In Hai Phong
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
2023
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
Catba View Hotel
76 reviews
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
27.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently..."
"Very good hotel. Great value for money and rooms are nice. The tour we booked through the hotel was good and the manager was really helpful. I would definitely recommend this place if you go to cat ba."
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
23.6 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting..."
"Basic, budget friendly hotel in a great location near lots of restaurants, bars and the waterfront. Staff were exceptional in helping us get to Cat Ba, with tour recommendations and anything else we needed for our..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack..."
"Such a yummy hotpot here!! Nice casual vibes and the staff are lovely and fun. Great Christmas energy ⚡️⚡️ Wide variety of food, drinks and cocktails on the menu as well, would definitely come back in the future."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
#17 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and..."
"Fantastic room on the 4th floor! Good AC and nice hot shower! The beds are comfy but like the other reviews have said the pillows are a bit hard, we jus used a jumper as well as it was fine! The owner is so lovely..."
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally ok..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Green Homestay
19 reviews
21.5 miles from Hai Phong
#18 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch..."
"What a fantastic stay! The rooms were very clean with modern appliances (including in the bathroom). The A/C worked very well and the pool was clean and very nice to hang out in. The real highlight is the owner and..."
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#71 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
Hotels Reviews
Hotels Photos
16
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
