Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Soundproof Rooms
Sono Belle Hai Phong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
8 reviews
In Hai Phong
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#36 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included..."
"This is an old hotel at the end of the main strip of Cat Ba Town. It is an old outdated hotel, but the Reception lady was very helpful and most polite and courteous. So is the lady in charge of motorbike rental from..."
Hai Phong Star Hotel
#62 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I have stayed there for 2 months and I love it. Honestly, it's not the kind of luxury hotel you would expected if you are into suite hotel. However, you ought to love the tranquil atmosphere of this place. At first..."
"Stayed here for over an year on a long term rental arrangement. The hotel is a bit old but rooms are spacious and clean. There is a nice garden to walk around in the premises. There is a Tennis court to play inside..."
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#41 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely..."
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
3 reviews
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
Lynh's Villa
10 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you were..."
"Positives Beautiful building Wonderful staff Large spacious clean rooms Netflix flatscreen tv Good shower comfortable bed Excellent roof top pool Bad points No room safe No tea or coffee facilities in room..."
Ngoc Han Hotel
2 reviews
54.3 miles from Hai Phong
#43 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel is on the front on the quiet part of the town near the market so no noisey bars near by. We had a great view over the bay from our balcony Clean rooms with WiFi and air con. Great family run..."
The Opera Hotel Hai Phong
6 reviews
#71 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night? The..."
"I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter would..."
Cat Ba Boutique Inn
1 review
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#48 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality"
Sea Pearl Cat Ba Hotel
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#49 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly impressed..."
Lyberty Hotel And Apartment
#76 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
#77 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a..."
"Nestled in son gia golf course, the resort is very nice with a big swimming pool, a very well equipped gym room, tennis courts, ... The main restaurant is okay mainly with Asian food (korean and vietnamese). There..."
Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
#78 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
Camela Hotel & Resort
#79 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place, it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great."
"a reasonably well priced resort in hai phong located near the industrial area. vast space surrounding the hotel area with a big swimming pool. a word of caution though, could not find the depth of water mentioned..."
Novatel Hotel & Apartment
#80 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price..."
Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
24.3 miles from Hai Phong
#50 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!"
"We came here with a two day tour and extended our stay in the resort by three nights. Ocean Tours is very well organised, so everything went smoothly. We went kayaking (day one, in Halong Bay) and cycling (day two..."
Intro Residence Hotel
#83 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Sunshine Cat Ba Hotel
#84 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious..."
Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
#85 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell..."
"Nice and Clean hotel. The Beds are a bit hard. But the room have a decent size. Its quite affordable. There wasnt much to do around but it was night stay on my way to Cat Ba island. The staff have difficulty in..."
Motel Mai Ve
#86 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Easy and cheap accommodation very close to the airport in Hai Phong. I arrived very late at night but the owner waited for me and let me in. Comfy bed, AC and calm area. Went for a day trip to halong bay by car. "
Punt Hotel
#87 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the..."
Cindy Hotel and Suites
#89 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very nice hotel, very spacious family room, very clean and located next to a lovely park and plenty of restaurants. Very polite staff. Room has a high quality bathroom too which can be hit and miss in Vietnam. Quite..."
"The best two things about this hotel was the staff were very pleasant and the location was central ... but noisy. Issues: No sheets on our beds... only mattress covers. We were told that’s all we get and they..."
Monte Carlo Hotel
9 reviews
#90 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Positives - woman at the front desk was VERY helpful in escorting me to my room, setting up a breakfast in bed for me in the morning and ordering me a car from hotel to ferry port. Location is very close to airport..."
"Large rooms generally pretty clean. Odd smell though. Western bathrooms clean. Not super clean, just got k. Internet access and computer in room. But computer had so many viruses I did not use. I would not..."
CatBa Sky View Hotel
#60 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
#92 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Sunflower Hotel
4 reviews
#54 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The rooms where clean and good priced, the water hot. The breakfast was top notch... The location was perfect not on the main strip but just a little walk away. This was a great place to stay in cat Ba."
"We came here because it has a good review in Wikitravel, however, it was disappointing, there are no nice views to the beach as stated, the rooms look old, the bath was half broken and in general, it was not too..."
Draco Thang Long Hotel
36 reviews
#94 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for one night during a trip to northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be..."
"The moment the room door was opened inward, a strong stench of smokers' nest greeted us. We wanted very much to change the room, but understand it would be the same as other rooms. And since most of the time we will..."
Bank Star Hotel
#95 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
Cat Ba Relax House
5 reviews
#55 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get..."
"We booked 3 nights here on booking.com but when we arrived we were told the hotel was full even though they knew we should be staying there. We were left in reception waiting for ages not knowing what was going..."
Hanvet Hotel Do son
#97 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the..."
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
