Go gourmand in Morocco’s tastiest destinations
Follow your taste buds on an immersive food adventure through the flavours of Morocco
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat Rides & Cruises in Halong BayGroup Activities in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Large Group Activities & Things to Do
Best Group Activities in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Nightlife
Sights & Landmarks
Water & Amusement Parks
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Speed Boats Tours
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Honeymoon spot
89 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Paradise Cruises
8,551
By 936linhd
- Elegant crew team - Nice vibe in HaLong Bay - Chill music - Delicious food thank you khải Phạm very great
2023
2. Bhaya Cruises
3,480
By matthewhM9125GT
Great staff, great food, fun activities provided by Phuc and Kaka and the team my family and I enjoyed every moment!
Recommended Big Group Experiences (195)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Recommended by 97% of travelers
Historical Tours
from $39 per adult
Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
Halong 6 hours boat tour from Hanoi All Inclusive
3
Full-day Tours
from $40 per adult
3. Indochina Junk
7,514
By lauriebA4641WN
And to finish, our tour guide, aka Coco, is just the best ever!! Always smiling, funny, he remembers all of the clien...
4. Orchid Trendy Cruises
1,465
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By NigelD198
Excellent trip Louis particularly was very attentive and helpful, lovely boat and spacious cabin, enjoyed the day trip.
5. Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
1,531
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By 88alwinl
Enjoy a wonderful cruise trip with awesome hospitality, especially with staff crew, Jason with his impeccable custome...
6. Lavender Elegance Cruise
2,106
Boat Tours • Night Tours
By Scenic05866538834
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and delicious food, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel exci...
7. Syrena Cruises
1,317
Open now
By 426ruchij
Bar Thai - Excellent service and food was awsm Wonderful experience and we had a great fun Tasty vegetarian food
8. Alisa Premier Cruise
1,551
By 209vallaris
... the magnificent Halong Bay! Kudos to the efficient and brilliant team and special mention to Ms Helen and Mr Bach!
9. Dora Cruise
1,146
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
By C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful cruise and...
10. Hermes Cruises
636
Boat Tours • Kayaking & Canoeing
By _V178SU
... very enjoyed The cruise is very good The tour guide mr lam was very friendly and helpful Amazing trip in ha long bay
11. Signature Halong Cruise
1,418
By mborofsky
I enjoyed viewing the amazing islands and kayaking the best bit the Pearl farming was the interesting also.
12. La Regina Royal Cruises
756
By Seaside31655260430
... were very cordial n superb , absolutely loved our experience Special thanks to Haa & Kevin , they were a great host
13. Authentic Sail - Luxury Small Group Day Tour
619
By Chriswaternz
Brilliant tour from Justin and the team, luxury bus and a cute boat, lots of interesting guides, lunch and kayaking.
14. Rita Cruise
443
By 808deepalik
Amazing time at Rita cruise special thanks to Tony for such smooth arrangements and Happy for the assistance at cruise .
15. Aspira Cruise
847
Boat Tours • Speed Boats Tours
By A2141UWryann
Ha our tour guide was amazing, very knowledgeable and welcoming and had planned some very fun activities!
16. Oasis Bay Party Tours
631
By R7634EJjackv
Best views of your life Great boat Great food Great staff Great drinks 3 hot tubs, make the most of that happy hour 😏.
17. The Halong Catamaran
350
Boat Tours • Day Trips
By liamv258
Loved every minute awesome tour guide recommend tommy he’s awesome funny and plenty of information to learn from!
18. M'Gloria Cruise
621
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
By 27juliav
Perfect wonderful cruise , ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
19. Genesis The Luxury Cruises
1,069
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By paulj
A fantastic experience , Sonny and the staff were fabulous hosts, making sure we enjoyed the cruise to the full.
20. L'Azalee Cruises
850
By Cauquinha
A little kayaking, small wonderful beaches, little wonderful caves, and an exceptional surprise dinner with all the 5...
21. Nostalgia Cruises
439
Boat Tours • Cooking Classes
By Roam45918440173
Great experience with super friendly, service oriented crew, fantastic rooms, fun tailored activities and fabulous food.
22. Indochina Sails
1,315
By FedwardHyde
Temperature in December is heavenly as “cold” for SE Asia standards. Shot out too to the excellent manager, a former...
23. Heritage Cruises Binh Chuan Cat Ba Archipelago
By sum0san
... Special mention to Lee and Sean who were great hosts - always there to assist and ensure a great experience.
24. Emperor Cruises
388
Private Tours • Photography Tours
By 544ph_mq
Treated like royalty, we enjoyed moments of music, fine arts, architecture, culture, exquisite cuisine, and outdoor a...
25. Alova Cruises
1,181
By av21
Our Trip to Halong Bay organised by Viet and Nick of Go Asia Travell and guided by Alex Song was perfect I cannot rec...
26. Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
432
By juliamF219XZ
Lovely, friendly staff providing an excellent service and wonderful experiences (kayaking, banana boat, cookery class...
27. Elite of the Seas
510
By sgmnguyen
From spotless gorgeous room, beyond beautiful views, exceptional services from everyone, especially Hanna who was ext...
28. Viola Halong Travel
336
By LonginLamtraining
The tour guide is so funny and helpful during the tour then finally we have a good dinner at Hội An ancient town wher...
29. The Au Co Cruises
1,267
By Kellersabroad
Lots of activities, well arranged by our Cruise director Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
30. Catherine Cruises
227
By Kingbobbb
The staff was incredible and attentive - our personal butler, Cindy was very thoughtful and helped me plan a proposal...
1
2
Showing results 1-30 of 89
What travelers are saying
Amy P
17 contributions
0
Awesome crew and boat
Highly recommend this ship and cruise. Small ship (only 8 cabins) but they keep you entertained! There is a cooking class, squid fishing, royal dinner, excursions to a cave and river rafting or kayaking. The staff are amazing and the food is 5 star. If you are looking for an amazing cruise, this is it! Note: we did the one night cruise.
Read more
Review of: Paradise Cruises
Written March 2, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Skoonie
Guildford, UK1 contribution
Always with a beautiful smile
Excellent trip. Joy and Manh were fantastic. Highly recommended
From cookery classes to dancing demonstrations to trips. Both of them with the warmest smile all the time and always watching for our safety. Thank you so much.
Review of: Bhaya Cruises
Written March 5, 2024
Judy H
Bac Ha, Vietnam4 contributions
Fabulous experience in Halong Bay.
We have done both the 3 day Halong Bay cruise with Indochina Junk (2016) & the 1 night cruise ( March 2024) and both have been excellent. We have chosen the smaller boats both times and it has been a lovely experience. The cabins were small but lovely and the food and experiences excellent. We loved the Kayaking particularly. Both trips were very well organised & the arrangements all worked well. The company goes to the much less touristy Bai Tu bay which is so much quieter & very beautiful
Review of: Indochina Junk
Written March 7, 2024
Trail51232039348
1 contribution
Quality service throughout the 2 day 1 night cruise
Excellent service from start to finish on this Orchid cruise. Cabins are top quality with amazing views of the world heritage Halong Bay.

Food excellent with good range of drinks, cocktails available at fair prices. Great service & communication from all staff, special mention to Jerry & Colada for service, communication & availability to ask questions.
Plenty of activities to keep us busy & we made good use including spa, massage, kayaking, tai chi, jacuzzi
Review of: Orchid Trendy Cruises
Written March 9, 2024
annaliza t
Amazing Ha Long Bay experience!
Ambassador Cruise great experience, Camille and Jad provided Gold standard customer service. We highly recommend this cruise! We choose the Western Style and it was a really good food. The Heritage experience is worth it! Will come back sooner.
Review of: Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
Written March 3, 2024
Domenico Strianese
Exciting trip
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and delicious food, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel excited and healthy. Taichi master was excellent, fun and friendly. Thank you so much for the trip and the crew on board!
Review of: Lavender Elegance Cruise
Written September 3, 2023
Peter B
3 contributions
Syrena Cruise Ha Long Bay
Awesome tour, Son, tour guide, makes it even better.
–-------------------------------------------------------
Review of: Syrena Cruises
Abdullah M
"Exquisite Adventure: Alisa Premier Cruise in Ha Long Bay"
My journey aboard the Alisa Premier Cruise in Ha Long Bay was extraordinary. The ship was impeccable, and the staff were exceptionally attentive. Exploring Ha Long Bay's mesmerizing scenery and partaking in activities like kayaking and cave visits was a highlight. The onboard dining surpassed expectations, offering a delectable array of Vietnamese and international cuisine. Luxurious amenities like the spa and jacuzzi added to the indulgence. Overall, the Alisa Premier Cruise provided an unforgettable experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a premium Ha Long Bay adventure. Massive thanks to the wonderful crew for their exceptional service.
Review of: Alisa Premier Cruise
Written February 23, 2024
Belinda D
2 contributions
Amazing experience! Wished we stayed longer
We had an amazing time. The staff were so lovely and helpful. Especially Linh Chi, she was very attentive in serving us and taking great group photos - we really appreciate it. Bruce Panda was very informative on our small boat rides to the cruise and activities.
Review of: Dora Cruise
Written March 8, 2024
Jo H
Munich, Germany1 contribution
Great cruise
Very Good Cruise. We loved our senior Suite!
Excellent Tourguide Lam.
Only minor critic:
the group activities were mass processions.
We skipped them after the first tour and enjoyed our suite and the view from the boat.
Review of: Hermes Cruises
Coastal54224211723
Fantastic amazing & outstanding
Examplary service by Mr. Morning. Helped in every aspect to understand about each island. Highly recommended to be with his gesture.
Review of: Signature Halong Cruise
Cindy F
Regina Clasic Cruise
Personal was very friendly (Mia and Luke were exceptional). The trip was good, activities were well organized and we enjoyed. Rooms are clean and beautiful.
Thank you.
Review of: La Regina Royal Cruises
Shellz
21 contributions
Our Small Group Tour Felt like a Private Tour
We were keen to see Halong Bay but didn’t want an overnight tour or a long day tour.
This tour was perfect for us. We found it through Alex at Nom Nom travel, and even though we made a last minute decision to go, he took care of all the booking details at a great price.
The tour is worth the extra cost, over cheaper day tour options we saw, simply because you bypass all the long lines of the big group tours and skip past most of the souvenir shops. Our guide, Justin was friendly and helpful, happily answering our 100 questions. The boat itself comfortable and the crew of 3 did a great job, and we got to see a few spots the big boats don’t get into.
The lunch we were served on board was delicious, including fresh seafood and a big number of dishes. Only extras to pay for were drinks and tips (optional, but well deserved 😊).
We were picked up by limousine van at 8:45 and back at our hotel at 18:45 , so for us, this was a perfect day trip excursion. Just the right amount of time out on the water and no waiting around anywhere.
Review of: Authentic Sail - Luxury Small Group Day Tour
Written March 6, 2024
Jenifer T
Great cruise experience
Booking with Rita cruise was a breeze, from start to finish, Tony Pham was extremely helpful and diligent in ensuring our experience was perfect. He provided continuous advice and recommendations, and was always quick to respond. It felt very personalized and we cannot thank him enough. The cruise itself was very nice, the ship was modern, the buffet had many options and food was good! John (Cuong) and his team were professional and friendly. Our entire family enjoyed this experience and would highly recommend Rita cruise and booking with Tony!
Review of: Rita Cruise
Molly Z
4 contributions
Excellent trip
Excellent service from all staff. Both Ha, Jimmy and Hanna were very professional and friendly. I am vegan and they did a fantastic job preparing food for me so I had enough to eat! The room was beautiful and the balcony was a great place to have a glass of wine. Kayaking was fun as well. We had a great time and definitely recommend.
Review of: Aspira Cruise
Written January 11, 2023
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Boat Rides & Cruises in Halong Bay
Group Activities in Halong Bay
A Music Lover's Guide to Touring Nashville
Nicknamed "Music City" for good reason, Nashville is home to some of the music industry's most famous landmarks, history, and artists. From iconic concert venues to museums that explore the origins of today's sound, there's no shortage of attractions and events for music lovers looking for an authentic Nashville experience. The city's music scene spans all genres, making it one of the country's most exciting destinations for live music, immersive shows, and legendary storytelling.
View now
6 hotels embracing their ties to the Underground Railroad
Today there are several vacation rentals or cozy bed and breakfasts with direct ties to America’s heroic Underground Railroad.
1.
936linhd
- Elegant crew team - Nice vibe in HaLong Bay - Chill music -
Delicious food
thank you khải Phạm very great
2.
matthewhM9125GT
Great staff, great food, fun
activities
provided by Phuc and Kaka and the team my family and I enjoyed every moment!
learn more
3.
lauriebA4641WN
And to finish,
our tour guide
, aka Coco, is just the best ever!! Always smiling, funny, he remembers all of the clien...
4.
NigelD198
Excellent trip Louis particularly was very attentive and helpful, lovely boat and spacious
cabin
, enjoyed the day trip.
5.
88alwinl
Enjoy a wonderful
cruise
trip with awesome hospitality, especially with staff crew, Jason with his impeccable custome...
6.
Scenic05866538834
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and
delicious food
, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel exci...
7.
426ruchij
Bar Thai - Excellent service and food was awsm Wonderful experience and we had a great fun Tasty
vegetarian food
8.
209vallaris
... the magnificent Halong Bay! Kudos to the efficient and brilliant team and
special mention
to Ms Helen and Mr Bach!
9.
C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent
hospitality
, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful cruise and...
10.
_V178SU
... very enjoyed The cruise is very good The tour guide mr lam was very friendly and helpful Amazing trip in ha long
bay
11.
mborofsky
I enjoyed viewing the amazing islands and kayaking the best bit
the Pearl
farming was the interesting also.
12.
Seaside31655260430
... were very cordial n superb , absolutely loved our experience
Special thanks
to Haa & Kevin , they were a great host
13.
Chriswaternz
Brilliant tour from Justin and the team, luxury bus and a cute boat, lots of interesting guides, lunch and
kayaking
.
14.
808deepalik
Amazing time at Rita cruise
special thanks
to Tony for such smooth arrangements and Happy for the assistance at cruise .
15.
A2141UWryann
Ha our tour guide was amazing, very knowledgeable and welcoming and had planned some very fun
!
16.
R7634EJjackv
Best views of your life Great boat
Great food
Great staff Great drinks 3 hot tubs, make the most of that happy hour 😏.
17.
liamv258
Loved every minute awesome
tour guide
recommend tommy he’s awesome funny and plenty of information to learn from!
18.
27juliav
Perfect wonderful
, ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
19.
paulj
A fantastic experience , Sonny and the staff were fabulous hosts, making sure we enjoyed the
to the full.
20.
Cauquinha
A little kayaking, small wonderful beaches, little wonderful
caves
, and an exceptional surprise dinner with all the 5...
21.
Roam45918440173
Great experience with super friendly, service oriented
crew
, fantastic rooms, fun tailored activities and fabulous food.
22.
FedwardHyde
23.
sum0san
...
Special mention
to Lee and Sean who were great hosts - always there to assist and ensure a great experience.
24.
544ph_mq
Treated like royalty, we enjoyed moments of music, fine arts, architecture,
culture
, exquisite cuisine, and outdoor a...
25.
av21
Our Trip to Halong
Bay
organised by Viet and Nick of Go Asia Travell and guided by Alex Song was perfect I cannot rec...
26.
juliamF219XZ
Lovely, friendly staff providing an excellent service and wonderful experiences (kayaking, banana
boat
, cookery class...
27.
sgmnguyen
From spotless gorgeous
room
, beyond beautiful views, exceptional services from everyone, especially Hanna who was ext...
28.
LonginLamtraining
The
is so funny and helpful during the tour then finally we have a good dinner at Hội An ancient town wher...
29.
Kellersabroad
Lots of
, well arranged by our Cruise director Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
30.
Kingbobbb
The staff was incredible and attentive - our
personal butler
, Cindy was very thoughtful and helped me plan a proposal...
Guildford, UK
Bac Ha, Vietnam
Munich, Germany
