Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Hospital Cave, Cat Ba
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Hospital Cave
View map
Hotels near Hospital Cave
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Hospital Cave
Popular
72
5 stars
12
Pool
56
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
134
Breakfast included
89
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
130
162
173
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
784 of 1,910 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Hospital Cave

31. Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
42 reviews
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
3.6 miles from Hospital Cave
#31 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...”
32. The Moon Boutique Hotel Cat Ba
37 reviews
04 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…”
Visit hotel website
33. Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
84A Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...”
34. My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
212 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...”
35. Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
219 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…”
36. Sunshine Cat Ba Hotel
1 review
So Nha 7, Ngo 5, Thi Tran | Cat Ba, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...”
37. Cat Ba Boutique Inn
33 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality”
38. Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253, Vietnam
3.7 miles from Hospital Cave
#38 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...”
39. Pina Boutique Inn - Hotel Elite
9 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
40. Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
283 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...”
41. Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
279, Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...”
42. Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
180 Nui Ngoc Street | Cat Ba Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…”
43. Cat Ba Relax House
5 reviews
Nui Ngoc So 9 Ngo 6, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...”
44. Sea Pearl Cat Ba Hotel
219, 1/4 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…”
45. Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
245 - Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Hospital Cave
#45 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting...”
46. Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...”
47. Catba Love Hotel
261 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…”
48. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
189 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…”
49. Dolphin Hotel
228 M_t Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…”
50. Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
303 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...”
51. Golden Land Hotel
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…”
52. Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
No. 240-1/4 Street | No. 240-1/4 Street-Cat Ba Town, Cat Hai Dist., Hai Phong City, Viet Nam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...”
53. Romance Hotel
71 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
54. CatBa Sky View Hotel
No. 16, Group 18, Lot 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...”
55. Thanh Luan Hotel
190-192 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
56. Emerald Hotel Cat Ba
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong 18000, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...”
57. Tien Thang Hotel
11 reviews
So nha 238 Duong 1/4 Thi Tran, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...”
58. Ngoc Lan Ahn
9 reviews
200 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…”
59. Catba Sunrise Hotel
09 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…”
60. Thanh Cong Hotel
39 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.”
Previous
Next
123456…
784 of 1,910 properties
Clear all filters
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are
clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
04 Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable.
All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
84A Nui Ng_c
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for
4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
212 1/4 Street
Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...
Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and
fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...
219 Duong 1/4
We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…
We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an
amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…
So Nha 7, Ngo 5, Thi Tran
Hai Phong,
We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...
We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight
cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...
33 Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view
of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253,
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant
and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
9 Nui Ng_c
283 Nui Ngoc
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an
ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
279, Duong Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...
We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need
to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...
180 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313,
Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
Hard to beat the location and general clean and
tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
Nui Ngoc So 9 Ngo 6
The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...
The room was basic but clean. The family that
runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...
219, 1/4 Nui Ngoc Street
Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…
Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah
restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…
245 - Nui Ng_c
We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting...
We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner
was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting...
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before,
Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
261 Nui Ngoc
Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…
Room was really spacious and clean, with a large
bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…
189 Nui Ng_c
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and
this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
228 M_t Thang Tu
Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…
Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room
has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…
303 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba, Cat Hai
Hai Phong 180000,
Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...
Plus points: on a quiet street but still
convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452,
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately
there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
No. 240-1/4 Street
No. 240-1/4 Street-Cat Ba Town, Cat Hai Dist., Hai Phong City, Viet Nam
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000,
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located
in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...
71 Nui Ngoc
No. 16, Group 18, Lot 2
The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...
The pictures make it look like the hotel is on
the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...
190-192 Nui Ngoc
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong 18000,
Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
Where do I start my story about this hotel...
this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
So nha 238 Duong 1/4 Thi Tran
This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...
This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The
view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...
200 Duong Nui Ngoc
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but
never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
09 Nui Ngoc Street
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily)
the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
39 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the
receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
