Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Ti Top Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Ti Top Island
View map
Hotels near Ti Top Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Ti Top Island
Popular
5 stars
12
70
Breakfast included
88
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+137
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Pool
54
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
784 of 1,913 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Ti Top Island

31. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
6.8 miles from Ti Top Island
#31 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
32. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…”
33. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
160 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...”
34. Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
To Hien Thanh | Tran Hung Dao Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...”
35. The Yen Residences Halong
10 reviews
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long | Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 011000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...”
36. Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
20 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
6.9 miles from Ti Top Island
#36 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...”
37. Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
LT20 Ha Long Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
38. May House Hotel
4 reviews
Ha Long Street | TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...”
39. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
168 Halong Road | Bai chay Ward, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering”
40. Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
1 review
Loc Vung 1- Duong, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
41. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
162 Halong Roa | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...”
42. Halong Lavender Hotel
Ha Long Road | Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
43. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
43c Anh Dao | Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
44. Vincent Halong Hotel
5 reviews
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long | Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...”
45. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
Ha Long , Bai Chay, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…”
46. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
46 Ha Long, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
47. De Charm Ha Long Hotel
19 Th_y Tung | Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
48. Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
Ha Long Rd, Halong Bay 2140, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.”
49. Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
H_ Long Area 2, Halong Bay 01100, Vietnam
7.0 miles from Ti Top Island
#49 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...”
50. Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
8 Halong Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…”
51. Au Lac Resort
151 Le Loi Street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…”
52. The Twin Hotel
Ha Long Road | TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
53. Hotel Soleil Ha Long, Trademark Collection by Wyndham
25 reviews
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street, Ha Long 20000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...”
54. 1925 Boutique Hotel
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...”
55. Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...”
56. The Secret HaLong
Sun Premier Halong Village, Ha Long, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…”
57. Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
Ha Long Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...”
58. The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
Ha Long Rd. | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...”
59. Prosperity Hotel
79 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...”
60. Ha Long Eden Hotel
No 01 Ha Long Street | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Ti Top Island
784 of 1,913 properties
Clear all filters
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Ha Long 200000,
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World
Halong Bay,
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs.
Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
160 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 200000,
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the
hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
To Hien Thanh
Tran Hung Dao Ward
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves
as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long
Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 011000,
Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
Everything was so good as i was surprised the
price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
20 Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful
and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
LT20 Ha Long Street
Ha Long Street
TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer
service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
168 Halong Road
Bai chay Ward
Halong Bay 8433,
Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering
Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and
City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering
Loc Vung 1- Duong
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
162 Halong Roa
Bai Chay Beach
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely
staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Ha Long Road
Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01119,
43c Anh Dao
Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long
Phường Bãi Cháy
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff
was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
Ha Long , Bai Chay
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay ,
the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
46 Ha Long
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
19 Th_y Tung
Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy
Ha Long,
Ha Long Rd
Halong Bay 2140,
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures
I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
H_ Long Area 2
Halong Bay 01100,
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is
wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last
year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
151 Le Loi Street
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong
Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street
Ha Long 20000,
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in
the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so
sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our
stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
Sun Premier Halong Village
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every
Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had
during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
Ha Long Rd.
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds
and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
79 Ha Long
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and
already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
No 01 Ha Long Street
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the
reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
