Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Africa Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Africa Cruises - Cruises to Africa
Africa
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Africa Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Africa cruise deals
12 Night Cruise to Africa
Ship: Nautica | Inside Cabin
Sailing Date: 5/9/2024
Departs: Cape Town
$1,500pp
View Cruise
21 Night Cruise to Africa
Ship: Norwegian Dawn | Inside Cabin
Sailing Date: 11/2/2025
Departs: Barcelona
$5,799
$2,949pp
4 Night Cruise to Africa
Ship: MSC Splendida | Suite
Sailing Date: 3/18/2024
$1,999
$1,039pp
16 Night Cruise to Africa
Ship: Norwegian Dawn | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 1/22/2026
Departs: Singapore
$5,299
$2,849pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Caribbean
Bahamas
Hawaii
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Canada
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Africa?
Made up of more than 50 different countries, Africa is incredibly diverse. For travelers new to the continent, it can be cumbersome to plan a trip, making a cruise one of the best and most practical options for exploring its coastal areas.
But, because voyages to Africa are often world cruise segments that call on other continents like Europe, Asia, Australia or even North America, itineraries can be long, meaning Africa sailings are ideal for cruisers who are retired or who have lots of vacation time.
What are Popular Activities in Africa?
Nature and wildlife spotting are among the most popular activities for visitors to Africa. Many cruises offer the option to add on pre- or post-cruise land tours that have safari excursions in Kenya (Mombasa) and South Africa (Durban).
If that's not up your alley, you can lie on the beach in the Seychelles (Mahe), check out the Namibian desert via Walvis Bay, explore the rainforests of Madagascar during a call on Nosy Be, sip some vino in wine country outside of Cape Town in South Africa, shop the bustling markets of Mozambique's Maputo or experience Zulu dancing and drumming in Durban, South Africa.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Africa?
Africa is large, and the geography and climates can vary, making it difficult to pinpoint the best time to go. However, the weather is usually warm, and the cruise season there generally runs from October to May, with sailings departing from South Africa seeing the most traffic in December and January.
What are Popular Ports in Africa?
Many African cruise itineraries focus on South African ports, with the majority of voyages connecting South Africa with coastal southeast Africa. (Think Kenya and Mozambique.) Additionally, they might include fabled Indian Ocean destinations like Mauritius and Madagascar.
There are also voyages that focus exclusively on these African islands, as well as the Seychelles to the north. Or, if Africa's west coast is more to your liking, you could choose a cruise that includes calls on Senegal, Ghana, Namibia or the Cape Verde Islands.
Where do Africa cruises depart from?
The most popular departure ports on the African continent are Cape Town and Durban, both in South Africa. Outside of Africa, common departure ports can include Dubai (United Arab Emirates), Mumbai (India) and Southampton (United Kingdom).
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Africa?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Africa. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Africa. Last minute cruises deals to Africa appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Africa in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
