Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Non-smoking hotel
Ocean Dragon Hotel Halong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
Bao Minh Radiant Hotel
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
Le Theatre Cruises - Wonder on Lan Ha Bay
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
Tuần Châu Resort Hạ Lọng
360.8 miles from Halong Bay
Minh Đức Hotel Tuần Châu
Winds Bay Hotel
3.9 miles from Halong Bay
Tuan Chau HQT Hotel
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
Missing:Hotels & MotelsNon-smoking hotel
BMC Thang Long
50 reviews
In Halong Bay
#63 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked one night here before jumping on a cruise to Ha Long Bay. First impressions were good, large lobby and reception area. Friendly staff on reception. Hotel is well located for cruises to Ha Long Bay, 5..."
"We went here for a one night stay the day before our boat tour. The internet speed is poor and sometimes non existent. The bed sheets are not replaced. Evidently as one of the them had hairs on it. The rooms are..."
Ruby Halong Homestay
13 reviews
#22 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to..."
"The girls working there speak great English and make you feel very welcome. They gave us great travel advice and were very helpful. We also really loved the food and alcohol! The puppy and cats were so cute."
Song Loc Luxury Hotel
19 reviews
#12 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This is a great hotel, albeit it’s out the way. The walk to the main bay is actually a really nice walk, there are a few coffee houses on the way if that’s your thing. We were here in December and they had the..."
"Stay there for 2 nights and it was my second stay of my trip: + Pros: Spacious room, New hotel, A la Carte menu was quite quality. + Cons: No soundproof rooms (I hear clearly neighbor discussions), staff was not..."
VietHouse Homestay Ha Long
Ha Long Lily Homestay
1 review
#17 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor..."
Luxury Halong Hotel
#40 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This hotel was pleasant enough to stay at.. Clean large spacious rooms and a good bathroom ensured adequate comfort. Good value for money. The breakfast is simple. One has to tell them what time you want it and they..."
Minh Thanh Hotel
Royal Ha Long Hotel
6 reviews
#22 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but..."
"Royal Halong is a Taiwainese style hotel. The staffs are friendly and useful. The lobby is so large and beautiful. The rooms are clean, large and modern. There is an indoor swimming pool and a small apartment gym in..."
Full House Hotel
Thanh Dong Hotel
Peace Hotel
#16 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"On a three week holiday in beautiful Vietnam and hoped to find a good massage whilst in Ha Long for the three days I was staying. I feel incredibly fortunate to have met Thuong who kindly and professionally talked..."
Mai Huong Guest House
Roma Star Hotel
2 reviews
#37 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Hoa Cuong Hotel
#37 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Was in this hotel during the Ha Giang loop, in Meovac. It's a low building, perfectly kept with great rooms. My room was in second floor facing the street but still was very quiet. The hotel was included in the..."
Halong Backpackers Hostel
#67 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The bar is the best place to be on NYE. The music started slow with Ed Shearing and moved on to rock. The beer was flowing and people were dancing until 4am. Great atmosphere. There were many Westerners from the USA..."
"The laundry service there made my clothes smelly. I have a smelly vacation in Halong bay. Although the staff can say English and helpful. Halong bay is rainy frequently. After 24 hours, the clothes are still wet..."
London Hotel
#23 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This accommodation is quite suitable for a long trip, cheap, nice and clean rooms well worth the money This place is right in the center of Ha Long City, about 1 km to the sun ring, where you can go to the largest..."
Mitu Ha Long Hotel
Don Hien 1 Hotel
#49 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Osaka Hotel
#48 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower..."
Sunrise Hạ Long Hotel
Minh Quang Hotel
New Life Tower 16. 02
#59 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked a 3 bedroom apartment through Booking.com, the owners then cancelled the booking so we could not leave a review...a common scam I believe. If you want cheap and cheerful, then stay here. It worked out..."
HO2-5 Little Vietnam
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
…
7
8
9
10
11
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
