Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Balconies
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Open-air room service, beautiful views, and starry nights included.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
95 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Balcony
Hotels & Motels
31. Bluesun Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
532 reviews
#31 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Somehow we were upgraded to a Suite with balcony overlooking the ocean which was awesome."
"Highly recommend paying the small extra amount to get the balcony ocean view rooms."
32. Risemount Premier Resort Danang
1,120 reviews
#32 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Food was pretty good too and the terrace swings was awesome."
"Live the pool and big room with big balcony."
33. Golden Lotus Luxury Hotel Da Nang
286 reviews
#33 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"My room has balcony which is one of my essential conditions, AC works well and quickly, shower is easy to use and no inconvenience."
"The stay was extremely pleasant. The hotel personnel were extremely helpful and lovely. I really appreciate Bobby, who was always available to help with his service.I particularly like the afternoon tea they..."
2023
34. Radisson Hotel Danang
345 reviews
#34 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The rooms were fabulous with some amazing views of the ocean which just tempts you to stay in the room or stand in the narrow attached balcony and savour the sights."
"The infinity pool on the terrace is spectacular."
35. Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
#35 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious. Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering..."
36. Chi House Danang Hotel & Apartment
184 reviews
#36 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly..."
"Here is a waitress called Han, she served us super well, I can totally feel the passion and enthusiasm from her. I’m gonna rate her 10 points out of 10. No cap. If the general manager saw this review, pls give this..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
37. Grand Gold Hotel
#37 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We got the Honeymoon Suite , with a fabulous sea view and private balcony ."
"It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn..."
38. Awaken Danang Hotel
68 reviews
#38 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff were..."
"Nice hotel for staying and vacation. We booked a special room for our honeymoon and it was great. Very tidy and have great view. The room was decorated with roses. They even prepared a delicious chocolate mouse for..."
39. Salmalia Boutique Hotel & Spa
82 reviews
#39 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I really enjoyed sitting out the balcony full of trees bringing me the peaceful moment The swimming pool is very beautiful and I frequently got chill sitting out the pool with a cup of hot coffee."
"We received a warm welcome on arrival, and were shown to our room which had a small balcony overlooking the pool situated in the inner courtyard The bed was comfortable and the shower lovely and powerful Everythin..."
40. Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
#40 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The terrace is tastefully decorated with comfortable seating and lush greenery, creating an oasis of calm amidst the urban landscape."
"The rooftop terrace is also beautiful!"
41. Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
1,315 reviews
#41 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The resort is large and beautiful with a beach and facilities like swimming pool and pool table. The room we stayed at was spacious. We would like to give a mention to Tam as she was very helpful with our queries..."
42. Sofia Suite Hotel & Spa Danang
949 reviews
#42 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The rooms are a bit small with balconies, but clean & new facilities."
"The room was small as was the balcony but adequate as we only slept and showered there, we were too busy out and about."
43. Seashore Hotel - Apartment
160 reviews
#43 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Great location and staff and an incredible view from the balcony Sea view rooms."
"Though there is a road near the hotel, when you shut the balcony door it becomes quiet inside - what is very important!"
44. Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
#44 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I especially loved the view from the room balcony, it was absolutely amazing."
"The room had a kitchen, a beautiful balcony, and a very clean bathroom."
45. Royal Lotus Hotel Danang
3,094 reviews
#45 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I was very lucky to arrive on Tet for the first time to experience receiving lucky money, from the hotel to the beach about 10 minutes walk, friendly staff, good breakfast, also very close to the city center and..."
46. Crowne Plaza Danang
224 reviews
#46 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Simply one of the best hotels in Vietnam I have the pleasure to stay in. The friendly helpful staff are fantastic always with a smile and a yes we can attitude! I always look forward to visiting this hotel on my..."
"Perfect. This is one of the best hotel. If you have plan to come vetebam, you should come here. I love travel here and i think i will come back here soon. And i really love it so much Linh and Giang so good. "
47. Palazzo Boutique Hotel
32 reviews
#47 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I really liked the hotel. the staff is very friendly and polite. breakfasts are delicious. the hotel is suitable for both couples and families with children. The location is convenient, 5 minutes to the beach. There..."
"The hotel is so amazing. The stuff is so good they helped me so much when I had a problem with getting a bus. I would definitely stay with them if I would come back to Da nang. The breakfast is so good. They are..."
48. The Dream Suite
27 reviews
#48 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We stayed in a Premier King Studio room on the fourth floor. Small balcony, but no real view. Loved having a self contained room with kitchen facilities and washing machine. We were half way through our trip and to..."
"The studio we were given was immaculate, spacious and had everything you could need while away from home. The breakfast was ordered from a menu and was very nice. I would highly recommend the poached eggs in a..."
49. The Ocean Villas
341 reviews
#49 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilson..."
50. Eden Plaza Da Nang Hotel
235 reviews
#50 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Roof terrace not yet open."
"me and my family went to vietnam to travel and stay at eden plaza hotel danang from June 30 to July 3 and received a warm welcome from people here, entered the hotel space is a large and clean campus, the hotel has..."
51. Eco Green Boutique Hotel
195 reviews
#51 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"This place is a real find. It’s close to the beach but quiet. Our room was lovely, spotless, the bed comfortable. Breakfasts are really great and we found the staff attentive and friendly. Restaurants are right..."
52. Alan Sea Hotel Danang
127 reviews
#52 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Balcony views were amazing with pretty lights on the building."
"We had Room with balcony."
53. Haka Hotel & Apartment
203 reviews
#53 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and😁 swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a..."
54. Alani Hotel & Spa
120 reviews
#54 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"View from balcony overlook My Khe beach and can see Lady Buddha statue from far."
"Great hotel right near the beach. Beautiful view, lovely hot shower. Delicious breakfast and very friendly and helpful staff. Nice pool, close to lots of 7/11s and restaurants. Highly recommend. Staff were very..."
55. Bridges Danang Boutique Hotel
29 reviews
#55 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"There is a seating and kitchen area on the second floor, a gym on the third floor and a terrace on the 10th, which is great for views of the city."
"Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would..."
56. SOCO Hotel
171 reviews
#56 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Great Value. Room and facilities are fine. No complaints. The hotel room window had no classic view of the city or beach, but oddly the shower window had the best view of the city from the room. Maybe opt for a..."
57. Dolphin Hotel and Apartment
2 reviews
#57 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We loved our 3-week stay at the Dolphin Hotel. The hotel is immaculate in every way. Our apartment was spacious, with a well-equipped kitchen, large comfortable bed and excellent attractive bathroom. We were on..."
"Small hotel a few blocks away from main streets. Nothing immediately at your front doors but taxi/grab rides are cheap. Rooms are nicely decorated, clean, affordable, and includes an average breakfast. This could..."
58. Sun River Apartment
#58 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
59. Adaline Hotel & Apartment
9 reviews
#59 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We stayed here travelling through Danang, hotel was fine clean and comfortable but the location isn't great. Need to catch a taxi to get to restaurants in Danang. Fine for a 1 night stop over but if staying for..."
"We stayed in a new 2-bedroom apartment at Adaline for 2 nights. The spacious apartment came with a Toshiba washing machine (free to use. Call reception for washing powder), kitchenette and a 2-door fridge. The..."
60. EX Đà Nẵng Luxury
8 reviews
#60 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I’ve booked this hotel after a long night flight and have my next one in te morning at 5 am . It’s now almost 1 pm and I am at the reception . My room is READY however since the check in time is at 2 pm they won’t..."
"Very nice hotel on the inside however in a terrible location, other than the views from the rooftop pool the location of this hotel is its downfall. To the dragon bridge and the ‘main centre’ of Da Nang is a 10..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Balconies
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Khao Lak
Just 80 kilometers north of Phuket, Khao Lak was essentially erased by the 2004 tsunami. But the town, and the tourist industry it relies on, has rebounded. It remains quieter than other coastal destinations, offering secluded beaches, tranquil nights and family-oriented activities. You want full moon parties and besotted nights? You’re out of luck. But if you’re looking for unparalleled scuba diving in the Similan Islands, you’ve hit the jackpot.
Genting Highlands
Breathe deep in Genting Highlands where, unlike nearby Kuala Lumpur, the air is fresh and clean. Aside from its resort life, visitors flock to hill station to enjoy cooler temperatures, mountain scenery, strawberry farms, and a relatively undisturbed, natural rain forest.
Port Dickson
Feast on seafood and relax on the stunning beaches of Port Dickson, just 90 kilometers from Kuala Lumpur.
Amed
This East Bali beach town is known for excellent SCUBA diving and snorkeling. New hotels are springing up on this coast, especially in Candidasa, a scenic 40-minute drive to its south. Amed is also a great place to admire Bali’s colorful outrigger boats.
Muscat Governorate
The Omani city of Muscat is predominantly populated by Islamic Arabs, though it also has a sizable, non-resident Indian population, further rounded out by American, British and Dutch citizens. Muscat is a tolerant and progressive city, where English speakers are relatively common. Arrange fares beforehand if seeing the city by taxi. To explore further, consider renting a car. Don't miss the imposing Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque, atmospheric Old Muttrah Souk, Al Alam Royal Palace or Al Jalali Fort.
Airlie Beach
The gateway to the Great Barrier Reef, Airlie Beach is the main hub for all Reef activities and access to the Whitsunday Islands. Stunning views by day give way to a vibrant nightlife. The Airlie Beach Lagoon is a popular spot to relax and unwind. Visit nearby Conway National Park and Cedar Creek Falls to discover quiet coves, beaches and tropical rainforest.
Pushkar
Troodos Mountains
Popular Da Nang Categories
Beach Resorts
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with balconies
What are the best hotels with balconies near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with balconies in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with balconies are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with balconies in Da Nang?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are good for families?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang allow pets?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
95 of 2601
Somehow we were upgraded to a Suite with balcony overlooking the ocean which was awesome.
Somehow we were upgraded to a Suite with
balcony
overlooking the ocean which was awesome.
Highly recommend paying the small extra amount to get the balcony ocean view rooms.
Highly recommend paying the small extra amount to get the
balcony ocean view
rooms.
Food was pretty good too and the terrace swings was awesome.
Food was pretty good too and the
terrace
swings was awesome.
Live the pool and big room with big balcony.
Live the pool and big room with
big balcony
.
My room has balcony which is one of my essential conditions, AC works well and quickly, shower is easy to use and no inconvenience.
My room has
which is one of my essential conditions, AC works well and quickly, shower is easy to use and no inconvenience.
The rooms were fabulous with some amazing views of the ocean which just tempts you to stay in the room or stand in the narrow attached balcony and savour the sights.
The rooms were fabulous with some amazing views of the ocean which just tempts you to stay in the room or stand in the narrow
attached balcony
and savour the sights.
The infinity pool on the terrace is spectacular.
The infinity pool on the
is spectacular.
We got the Honeymoon Suite , with a fabulous sea view and private balcony .
We got the Honeymoon Suite , with a fabulous sea view and
private balcony
I really enjoyed sitting out the balcony full of trees bringing me the peaceful moment The swimming pool is very beautiful and I frequently got chill sitting out the pool with a cup of hot coffee.
I really enjoyed sitting out the
full of trees bringing me the peaceful moment The swimming pool is very beautiful and I frequently got chill sitting out the pool with a cup of hot coffee.
We received a warm welcome on arrival, and were shown to our room which had a small balcony overlooking the pool situated in the inner courtyard The bed was comfortable and the shower lovely and powerful Everythin...
We received a warm welcome on arrival, and were shown to our room which had
a small balcony overlooking
the pool situated in the inner courtyard The bed was comfortable and the shower lovely and powerful Everythin...
The terrace is tastefully decorated with comfortable seating and lush greenery, creating an oasis of calm amidst the urban landscape.
The
is tastefully decorated with comfortable seating and lush greenery, creating an oasis of calm amidst the urban landscape.
The rooftop terrace is also beautiful!
rooftop terrace
is also beautiful!
The rooms are a bit small with balconies, but clean & new facilities.
The rooms are a bit small with
balconies
, but clean & new facilities.
The room was small as was the balcony but adequate as we only slept and showered there, we were too busy out and about.
The room was small as was the
but adequate as we only slept and showered there, we were too busy out and about.
Great location and staff and an incredible view from the balcony Sea view rooms.
Great location and staff and an incredible
view from the balcony
Sea view rooms.
Though there is a road near the hotel, when you shut the balcony door it becomes quiet inside - what is very important!
Though there is a road near the hotel, when you shut the
balcony door
it becomes quiet inside - what is very important!
I especially loved the view from the room balcony, it was absolutely amazing.
I especially loved the view from the
room balcony
, it was absolutely amazing.
The room had a kitchen, a beautiful balcony, and a very clean bathroom.
The room had a kitchen, a
beautiful balcony
, and a very clean bathroom.
Roof terrace not yet open.
Roof terrace
not yet open.
Balcony views were amazing with pretty lights on the building.
Balcony views
were amazing with pretty lights on the building.
We had Room with balcony.
We had Room with
View from balcony overlook My Khe beach and can see Lady Buddha statue from far.
View from
overlook My Khe beach and can see Lady Buddha statue from far.
There is a seating and kitchen area on the second floor, a gym on the third floor and a terrace on the 10th, which is great for views of the city.
There is a seating and kitchen area on the second floor, a gym on the third floor and a
on the 10th, which is great for views of the city.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
