Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
GrandTour01084270075 wrote a review Aug 2023
1 contribution
The coffee prepared for breakfast is very bitter because it is undiluted. Keep that in mind.
My first trip to Vietnam was Puramarizot. I was once again moved by the service of Nhung, a very kind employee. The water in the swimming pool was clean and there were many kinds of breakfast, so I ate a lot. The private swimming pool was so pretty at night. It was a more pleasant trip thanks to Nhung who treated me kindly.
Date of stay: August 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Manager Furama Villas , Dịch vụ khách hàng / Lễ tân at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Aug 23, 2023
Greetings from Da Nang Viet Nam, Thank you for your feedback on your recent stay at Furama Villas. We're delighted to hear that you had a fantastic time and enjoyed the convenience of having everything so close to the resort. It's great to know that you found our staff to be friendly and helpful. It's wonderful that our Butler Nhung and My could contribute to making your stay even more special. We'll make sure to pass on your kind words to them. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your vacation. Your feedback helps us improve and provide an even better experience for our future guests If you have any further suggestions or if there's anything else we can do to enhance your next stay, please feel free to let us know. We look forward to welcoming you back for another enjoyable visit in the future! Best Regards, Mr. Nguyễn Văn Thành Villas Operation Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
강승 김 wrote a review Aug 2023
kindness
Lam butler was very kind. she took care of everything and had fast reply. we were pleased by her. facility was clean and the swimming pool was beautiful. room condition was nice and room service was fast and delicious
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler LAM provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated her kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to her and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that the resort left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do Sincerely, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Quest25098525022 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh
My villa is r19, everything is perfect. My family have travelled viet nam many time. I really like Viet Nam. This is the first time i stay at furama, it was so great. I would like to say a big thank you to butler Binh. He is very kind and nice, he visit my family everyday. He always help my family if we need.
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Aug 20, 2023
Xin chao from Da Nang, We're delighted to hear that you had a fantastic experience during your stay! We're especially pleased to hear about your positive interactions with Butler Binh. It's wonderful that Binh could assist you promptly and make your stay comfortable through KakaoTalk Thank you for choosing our property for your stay, and we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back for another exceptional experience in the future Thank You and Best regards Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Passport09523470585 wrote a review Aug 2023
2 contributions
My villa is s05, i felt very happy when had a chance travel in Danang city and stayed at furama villa. Furama villa has a nice swimming pool, many trees and a beautiful beach. I would like to say a big thank you to butler Binh. He is excellent. He took care my family during my trip. He is the best staff there
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Sincerely on behalf of team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Departure62240550085 wrote a review Aug 2023
thanks to butler Binh
this is the first time i go to viet nam, viet nam is so excellent. Furama villa is so great with beautiful scenery. dishes at Danaksara is so delicious. butler Binh took care my family. he is excellent and the best butler at Furama villa
Xin chao from Furama Villas, We're truly honored by your kind words! Thank you for choosing Furama Villa for your first visit to Vietnam. We're delighted to hear that you found our property to be exceptional, with its stunning scenery. It's wonderful that you enjoyed the delicious dishes at Danaksara. Butler Binh is indeed an exceptional member of our team, and we're thrilled to hear that he took such good care of your family. Your recognition of his excellence means a lot to us. We'll be sure to share your compliments with him. hank you for your high praise and for choosing Furama Villa. We hope to welcome you back in the future for more memorable experiences! Sincerely on behalf of the team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
gyeongsu.p wrote a review Aug 2023
Daegu, South Korea1 contribution
Thank you to butler Binh so much
I would like to say thank you to Butler Binh, he took care my family very well, he spent time everyday to visit my family to ask our heat and experiences. He is the best butler here, because he is very kind and nice. I hope that i can see him in furama when i come back here
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that the resort left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do Sincerely, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Getaway04534124935 wrote a review Aug 2023
my experience
my villa is R36, i was so happy when i i hadma chance to experience at furama villa, my daughter was so happ with swimming pool at furama, restaurant is so good. Butler Binh is so nice and kind, he helped me during my holiday
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that the resort left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Companion64739139679 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh so much
My villa is S06, i am so happy when i have stayed here, butler Binh have been taking care my family, he is supper nice and kind, he have been willing to help my family anytime we need. He asked for engineers to fix toilet for me and he helped me move to another villa
Responded Aug 16, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you so much for sharing your experience with us regarding your stay at Danang Furama Villa. We're thrilled to hear that you had such a wonderful time with us. We're delighted that Butler Binh was able to assist you during your stay by helping to move villas. Our team strives to make our guests' experiences as seamless as possible, and it's heartwarming to hear that their efforts were helpful to you. Your kind words about wanting to return to our villa on your next visit to Danang mean the world to us. We truly appreciate your recommendation and look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back for another exceptional stay. Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Chihiro wrote a review Aug 2023
Montreal, Canada1 contribution
My experience at furama
Iam from Japan, and this is the first time i go to Viêt Nam. It’s very fantastic. Furama villa is so great , from dishes, swimming pools and service quality. Furthermore, butler Binh is so nice and helpful, he brought my family many fantastic experiences when I stay at Furama.
Journey55110649832 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to butler Binh
This is a second time I go to Viet Nam. I had a chance to experience delicious dishes at Danaksara and lagoon pool. It was great, I'm very sad when leave furama villa. I will come back there in the future. Thanks to Butler Binh so much, he was kind and nice. He is the excellent butler.
Responded Aug 15, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler BINH provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that Danaksara Restaurant left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Thank you and best regards, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Previous
Next
1…56789…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
GrandTour01084270075
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
강승 김
Quest25098525022
Passport09523470585
2
Departure62240550085
gyeongsu.p
Daegu, South Korea
Getaway04534124935
Companion64739139679
Chihiro
Montreal, Canada
Journey55110649832
…
5
7
8
9
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
