Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat Rides & Cruises in Halong BayHalong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
THE BEST Hidden Gem Activities in Halong Bay
Best Halong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Sights & Landmarks
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Speed Boats Tours
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Hidden Gems
Good for Kids
4 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
2023
1. Emperor Cruises
388
Private Tours • Photography Tours
Open now
By 544ph_mq
Treated like royalty, we enjoyed moments of music, fine arts, architecture, culture, exquisite cuisine, and outdoor a...
2. The Au Co Cruises
1,267
By Kellersabroad
Lots of activities, well arranged by our Cruise director Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
Recommended Hidden Gems (501)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
135
Recommended by 99% of travelers
Bus Tours
from $50 per adult
Top 1 Ha Long-Lan Ha Bay Luxury 5 Star Cruises & Balcony Cabin
354
Recommended by 98% of travelers
Luxury Car Tours
from $140 per adult
3. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
4. Indochine Junk
13
Boat Tours • Boat Rentals
By stephenrN1121OP
À too short stay on l ‘Amour 2. But a wonderful stay. Our guide Minh, our Capitan Truong , our Chef Giang, And our...
What travelers are saying
JD1932
31 contributions
0
EXCEPTIONAL!
Wow we have just disembarked off the Emperor Cruise after the most wonderful 24 hours. What a beautiful boat! The food was absolutely exceptional! The most delicious flavours and beautifully presented. A really charming and comfortable cabin with glorious views in which to sleep and relax in when there was free time. Extremely well organised tours and activities, included a fun spring roll cookery class and an extremely interesting visit to a pearl farm. I also learnt some Vovinam moves on the sun deck!
Lastly to Dat and the rest of the brilliant team that looked after us, thank you so much we loved every minute!
Read more
Review of: Emperor Cruises
Written February 6, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Kristina M
3 contributions
Fantastic!
Loved this ship! The rooms are a bit more spacious than normal cruises. Had two double doors to a balcony. The kayaking and caves were amazing! Food and staff are amazing!!
Review of: The Au Co Cruises
Written March 5, 2024
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
3
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
Lambo48
Chichester, UK79 contributions
4
Wonderful private cruise around Bai Tu Long Bay.
We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a 1 cabin boat L’Amour 3 for our 3 day, 2 Night cruise. From start to finish this exceeded all expectations. Minh, our guide, was the most courteous, helpful and interesting person we could have wanted. He managed to be both very attentive but also respectful of our privacy. All the crew were great, but we have to mention the chef. He produced fantastic meals all the way through, including a superb BBQ on the beach. It is worth going for the 2 night cruise as you go to the more remote parts of the bay, and for most of the middle day the only other boats we saw were local people fishing. Kayaking around the beautiful islands was stunning. Highly recommended.
Review of: Indochine Junk
Written March 5, 2020
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Boat Rides & Cruises in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
1.
544ph_mq
Treated like royalty, we enjoyed moments of music, fine arts, architecture,
culture
, exquisite cuisine, and outdoor a...
2.
Kellersabroad
Lots of
activities
, well arranged by our Cruise director Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
learn more
3.
MichaelYor
4.
stephenrN1121OP
Miami, FL
381 contributions
Chichester, UK
79 contributions
