Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels on the River
THE 10 BEST Hotels on the River in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels on the River
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
River View
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:River View
Khach San Thinh Phuong Nam Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
Soda House Hotel
B Home
Olympus Hotel
Nama Hotel
Ngoc Nho Guest House
Miss Hostel Cần Thơ
KV Homestay
Missing:Hotels & MotelsRiver View
Thanh Dat Hoa Vien
27 reviews
#25 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed here for two nights with a friend. We work in Saigon and had a long weekend so wanted just to get out of the city and not pay loads to get out and about. Firstly, Can Tho is about 4 hours drive from Saigon..."
"Perhaps we visited the place a little out of season, the place was totally empty and we thought it was a little bit too far from town centre. Some of the staff didn't speak english at all. But the rooms were good..."
Do Tang Mai Vien Homestay
1 review
#49 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Do Tang Mai Vien is tucked away along a beautiful stretch of tributary that flows into the Can Tho river (itself a tributary of the Mekong and location of the famous floating market). My traveling buddy and I..."
Hotel Phi Long 2
B & W Hotel
2 reviews
#53 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"I booked for 2 nites and ended up staying 10 nites. The Hotel is in a new area just outside the City (only 50,000d taxi - abt 2.5km). Standard room is 200,000d or superior for 250,000d with balcony (Id recommend..."
CT Morning
Hotel Mai Phuong 179
Winter Spring Home & Tourist
19 reviews
#24 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Stayed here two non-consecutive nights in two different rooms (both standard room). While the first room was great, the second only had lukewarm water and wasn't very clean. Breakfast is good, free coffee is a plus..."
"The worst hotel I have seen during my travels in Vietnam. Cleanliness is very low. Area is not nice and has nothing around. Constant noise, building works and loud music. If you need any help, you can be sure..."
Kim Lan Homestay
37 reviews
#7 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was our first homestay in Vietnam. A luxury one at that. The accommodation was simple and lovely with comfortable bed and hot shower. The property was very tranquil. All the activities were wonderful and..."
"Everbody should experience the Mekong in this way. The main floating village of Cai Rang doesn't even give you the experience of Mekong. This Homestay was just a bit of wonderful. It was in the heart of Mekong. The..."
An Nam Corner Hotel
#54 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"This little hotel has large rooms. It locates right across CanTho Night Market. The room I booked is nice and clean. The feature I liked best is its large front window. Because it is located on the corner of..."
Kim Loc Hotel
Hien Guesthouse
#47 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The rooms are simple but clean. Comfortable beds, fan and AC. There is a fridge in the lobby with cold beer, softdrinks and water for very reasonable prices. Most of the staff does not speak much english. Good stay..."
Van Loc Hotel
4 reviews
#34 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The van loc hotel is located in the centre of can tho. The rooms are very nice and clean (only one bad thing, the shower fills the entire bathroom with 1cm of water) and have strong ac. Great quality for the price..."
"We stayed there one night on our way to Phu Quoc. Rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, air-conditioning works well... Another customer, who we guess was drunk, played some very loud music during the night. We..."
Hotel 31
36 reviews
#79 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed 2 nights here for 15$ p.n. double + single bed, not super clean but backpacker clean 😆 We are a family with 2 kids 8+10 years and wanted to get a day trip to the 2 flowting market. Here the location was..."
"Standard hotel for standard price. The hotel owner is a bit pushy about his tours to the floating marked. The tour is not bad, it is pretty standard. But our guide did not speak a word english and we saw other..."
Nha Nghi 1989
Hotel Lam Kieu
Phuong Thang Ct Hotel
Kim Ngan Hotel
Kien An Hostel
Ete18 Hostel
3 reviews
#27 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Standing on the food street, and taking only 5 minutes to the centre off Cantho, you will never miss anything for this place! A very nice room for the hostel type! By the way, they could be check-in early if their..."
"Great hostel, room with balcony, nice decorations, a lot of space, very friendly staff. Located on a side street of De Tham street (also called food street) and nearby a small lake surrounded by bars and..."
Tuyet Linh Hotel
#59 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Very well located, close to the beach and some restaurants. The room was very big, with a big bed and sunrise view. Friendly staff, but is not so easy to communicate, they try but is like playing pictonary, they do..."
Phuong Rose Homestay
#49 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Rose was a wonderful and caring host. We had a nice big room which was very clean. The Homestay is very quiet but it takes only 5-10min walk to reach different restaurants, shops and a little lake. To get to the..."
Motel Dong Nam
Popular destinations for Hotels on the River
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Kanchanaburi
Kanchanaburi, capital of Kanchanaburi Province, is home to the Burma Railway (aka "Death Railway") bridge built by Allied POWs during WWII and immortalized in Bridge Over the River Kwai. A memorial and two museums commemorate those who died in the effort, and a yearly carnival includes a pyrotechnic recreation of the bridge’s bombing. The wider province offers forests and caves to explore, and beautiful waterfalls.
Melaka
This charming city is a UNESCO world heritage site, with a rich trading history and multicultural heritage. Melaka is a rewarding town to explore and is about two hours from Kuala Lumpur.
Luang Prabang
This UNESCO World Heritage Site is the former capital of Laos, and you'll see everything from golden-roofed temples to vestiges of colonial French architecture here. Buddhist monasteries abound in Luang Prabang, and early every morning, monks process through the streets collecting alms (their food for the day). If you want to watch or participate, though, ask your hotel for a brief etiquette lesson first—you have to distribute the food in a specific manner.
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Varanasi
The north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a center of silk weaving, so practice haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
5
6
7
8
9
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels on the river
What are the best hotels on the river near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels on the river are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels on the river in Can Tho?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are romantic?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
