Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Gym
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Gym in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
34 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Fitness center
Hotels & Motels
31. Catba Water Park Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
#31 Best Value of 4 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
32. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#32 Best Value of 4 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
33. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#33 Best Value of 4 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
34. The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
#34 Best Value of 4 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was..."
"Staffs are unfriendly, room is old. Buffet breakfast is main rice and tofu, and something.. it is not suitable for breakfast. Staying here only has view to see Halong park and Bay chai beach. == Never come back here!"
Popular destinations for Hotels with Gym
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Jakarta
Chaotic, crowded, and cosmopolitan, Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, is a city of contrasts. Home to millions of people from around the world, the city is a mixture of languages and cultures, poverty and wealth. The city boasts some of the best nightlife in Asia and some of the worst traffic. Every holiday, the locals escape the pollution and the crowds to enjoy relaxing diversions like Ancol Dreamland, an amusement area featuring water parks, beaches, golf courses, and a SeaWorld.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Addis Ababa
Sometimes referred to as the capital of Africa, Addis Ababa is a buzzing hub of economic, social and political activity and home to such notable offices as the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. The diversity of its people is reflected in the many churches, mosques and museums, including the Ethiopian National Museum which houses the fossilized skeleton of Dinkinesh, or Lucy, the Australopithecine discovered in the area in the 1970s.
Rostov Oblast
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Fitness center
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Song Loc Luxury Hotel
In Halong Bay
#12 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This is a great hotel, albeit it’s out the way. The walk to the main bay is actually a really nice walk, there are a few coffee houses on the way if that’s your thing. We were here in December and they had the..."
"Stay there for 2 nights and it was my second stay of my trip: + Pros: Spacious room, New hotel, A la Carte menu was quite quality. + Cons: No soundproof rooms (I hear clearly neighbor discussions), staff was not..."
Hotel Bai Tu Long
1 review
#44 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Linda boutique Homestay
#34 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"i travel to hanoi, i took bus to halong city. taxi motobile took me around and advised me some hostel, but not so good, smell and dirty. then booked linda boutique homestay for 1 night, it is really good apartment..."
Villa Gia An
2 reviews
#30 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I visited the hotell for one night together with my daughter. The hotell is very nice and clean. The best of all, we have never seen such a friendly service at a hotel before. We went back to Hanoi with a..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days over Christmas. The couple who run the hotel are so welcoming :) and cooked us lovely Vietnamese food on the balcony!!The rooms are spotless and stunning!Would highly..."
Iris Hotel
12 reviews
#26 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff here are great and helped us a lot in preparation for our 1 night - 2 day trip to Ha Long Bay. They organised a private car transfer and day boat trip for US $72 per person (2 people traveling) which was..."
"Seemed to be a brand new hotel. Very clean, giant room and bathrooms, some toiletries provided, comfy bed, good wifi, quiet. In the city local type hotel... and very nice! They can set up tours and bus tickets..."
Number One Hotel
0 reviews
#15 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Fitness center
Top Rated
2023
Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play (I’m..."
Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#30 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
Golden Halong Hotel
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#92 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
Ha Long Eden Hotel
#109 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly..."
"We had initially plan to stay in Halong for 2 days. Our experience with the people reduced that to one day. What ever you do, SHOP around and check out the rooms BEFORE you agree to stay at the hotels in Halong..."
Ha Long Coral Bay Homestay
Le Jardin Homestay Ha Long
Maxshare Hotels & Serviced Apartments
Advisor Travel Green Bay Halong
Apartment Gia Bao Homestay - Green Bay Ha Long
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#15 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the first..."
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with gym
What are the best hotels with gym near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with gym in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a casino?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
34 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
