Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Traveling with Reco
Romantic Honeymoon To Puerto Vallarta
Puerto Vallarta, Mexico
Honeymoon, 8 days, 2 people
Budget: $5,000
Interests: Local Cuisine, Beach, Wellness & Spas, Wine
Vibe: Romantic
Considerations: LGBTQ+
Planning with Reco
Working with a Reco Trip Designer, like Rene
Hi, my name is Rene and I'm a Trip Designer on Reco. I recently planned a honeymoon to Puerto Vallarta for my fabulous clients Sarah and Alex Smith. Puerto Vallarta is one of my absolute favorite Mexican cities. I visit the area each year to keep up with the latest excursion offerings and to get my torta fix (the most delicious Mexican sandwich you will ever taste.) Puerto Vallarta also has a very active LGBTQ community and was one of the first Mexican states to legalize same sex marriage. After our initial consult, I knew I could plan the romantic yet adventurous trip with LGBTQ interests in mind. Here's an excerpt from the itinerary I planned and booked for the Smiths. Check it out!
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024 INEGI
Terms
Report a map error
Day 1
Flight from JFK International Airport to Gustavo Diaz Ordaz International Airport (PVR)
I recommended this airline because it takes extra precautions with COVID-19, ensuring only a handful of seats are booked on the flight, masks are mandatory, and the plane is cleaned after each trip.
Airport transfer to Resort with my favorite driver
Your town car will meet you at the airport and my favorite driver, Jeremy, will be holding a sign for you. Sit back and relax with complimentary refreshments as Jeremy provides a little background on Puerto Vallarta and tells you about his favorite spots.
Checkin at Secrets Vallarta Bay & Now Amber
Upon arrival you will be escorted to preferred club check in. You will be offered a refreshing beverage upon arrival as you are checked in by the friendly staff. There are no wristbands because everything is included. You will be taken to your room where a bottle of wine will be waiting along with a congratulations on your honeymoon. Feel free to order room service (it's included) while you freshen up.
David Alfaro Siquerios No. 164 Col Zona Hotelera Las Glorias, Puerto Vallarta 48333 Mexico
+52 322.226.2900
Top resort Inclusions:
Limitless access to gourmet à la carte dining options without reservations required
Unlimited international and domestic top-shelf spirits, natural fruit juices and soft drinks
24-hour room and concierge services
Pool and beach wait service
Welcome to Puerto Vallarta, paradise by the sea and honeymoon central. Although Secrets is not a specific LGBT only resort like other hotels in Puerto Vallarta, they are TAG (Travel Advocacy Group) approved which means they have committed to a non-discrimination and equality policy.
Day 2
City Tour of Puerto Vallarta
On your first day in Puerto Vallarta, let's get your feet wet by exploring the town. One of the great things about Puerto Vallarta is that it's so walkable so make sure you bring your walking shoes. This is a town where the main drag El Malacon is purposefully car-free. Don't forget to come back at night for the live entertainment.
Exclusive access to private tours
Suggested: Beach & Relaxation
No need to go crazy on the first day. Your resort is located right on the beach so just grab your book and sunscreen and head down to the pool or beach for some sun time. Snacks and drinks will be close at hand and the wait staff will be on hand for all of your needs so you never have to worry about leaving your chair unless absolutely necessary.
Suggested: Dinner at Bordeaux
You don’t have to venture too far on your first day in paradise to find an amazing meal. Bordeaux is a wonderful French Restaurant right inside the resort. Chef Marco goes above and beyond and will serve you course after course of French delicacies. The restaurant tends to fill up, but I can get you a table at a moment's notice.
A city settled amongst mountains, the sea, the Sun and the sand, Puerto Vallarta has amazing culture and friendly locals.
Day 3
Romantic Breakfast in Bed
No need to head down to the restaurant for breakfast. Your complimentary breakfast in bed has already been pre-reserved. You will awaken to the breakfast of your choice finished with mimosas. Spend some time in your own swim up pool before getting ready for your optional afternoon activities.
Free breakfast
Adrenaline Seekers (ATVs)
Love makes your heart pump faster and this adventurous excursion does too! This activity is perfect for the couple looking to get their adrenaline pumping. You will have the opportunity to traverse off road through the tropical forest located south of Puerto Vallarta. During your ATV rides, not only do you get to experience the tropical forest but also the natural springs and waterfalls in the area.
I know you both love adventure. This ATV excursion will be a fun change of pace for Day 3. I did this excursion last time I was in town and loved it. I hope you will too!
Day 4
Suggested: Art and History Lover
Puerto Vallarta is a region of art and history. There are many art galleries and museums within walking or a short cab ride. From the Naval Museum, Archeological Museums, Botanic Gardens, and (for tequila lovers) a Tequila Museum with a tasting experience. Most of these attractions are free or low cost. If you’d like a guide, my friend Susan owns a gallery and loves showing visitors Puerto Vallarta’s art scene.
Chef’s tasting table 5 course meal
To complete your culinary day, stay on the resort and participate in a 5 course chef's tasting table experience at Capers, one of the resort's restaurants.
Rhythm of the Night Cultural Show
As night falls, the secluded cove of Las Caletas is transformed into a magical paradise, the ultimate backdrop for our exclusive event, Rhythms of the Night - an amazing voyage that will transport you to a mystical and spiritual land that time forgot.
If you decide to visit the Tequila Museum, ask for the house specialty that’s not on the menu. You won’t be dissappointed!
Day 5
Suggested: Spa day
Treat yourself to a day of relaxation and pampering at the world class Secrets Spa by Pevonia®. Choose from a selection of spa deal packages. My favorite treatments include the After-Sun Facials followed by a couple’s hot stone massage.
Spa deals
Authentic Mexican Cuisine with a Modern Twist: In Home Cooking Class
Join a professionally trained chef in their home as they teach you how to make authentic Mexican cuisine with a Baja twist. First you will join the chef as they shop for the fresh ingredients needed to make the authentic Mexican cuisine. Next you will learn to make various dishes which you will then enjoy in a cozy setting.
You will be talking about these dishes for months! The chef's secret mole recipe will be your most coveted souvenir from the trip, trust me.
Day 6
Lovers Of Nature and the Sea (Whale Watching and Diving)
If you love exploring underwater, Puerto Vallarta is a perfect location to indulge. Banderas Bay is an amazing spot to dive. Additionally during whale season, you are able to spot whales including one of the largest species in the world, the Humpback whale, that come to the region.
Zona Romantica
It's time to hit the nightlife of Zona Romantica, with amazing bars and restaurants and a welcoming atmosphere to all honeymooners who are encouraged to let loose. Zona Romantica is a colorful mix of local residents, visiting tourists, and expats from various countries in a environment of love, equality, fun, and friendliness. You will find lots of restaurants and bars owned by or catering to LGBTQ+ patrons. There are lots of smaller beachside restaurants great for sitting and watching the sunset before heading out for more nightlife. A quick 15-20 minute taxi will take you to and from your resort to the zone. Bar and restaurant suggestions:
Reservations at booked out restaurants
Twisted Palms Rooftop Lounge
Start with cocktails at this bar with great atmosphere, a cool vibe, and talented bartenders that put on a show. Make sure to try one of their many martinis!
Calle Ignacio L. Vallarta 228-18, Puerto Vallarta 48380 Mexico
+52 322 223 8019
You’ll be traveling during turtle release season, where you can release a baby turtle, who will return to lay its eggs as an adult on one of Puerto Vallarta’s beaches.
Day 7
Suggested: Municipal Market
Indulge your inner shopaholic with arts, crafts, and souvenirs. Practice your Spanish as you learn the fine art of bargaining.
Sunset Dinner Cruise
After a fun-filled week, a sunset sail around Banderas Bay will set the mood. Rather than wandering the city streets to pick a restaurant or bar, have your entire evening planned. Enjoy the spectacular views (and open bar) on the way to Las Caletas, then savor a 3-course dinner.
Vallarta Adventures
Vallarta Adventures is Mexico's premier adventure company and leading tour operator in Puerto Vallarta and Nuevo Vallarta.
+52 322 226 8413
After your cruise, take one last opportunity to have one last night in town on the Boardwalk which is close to the marina.
Day 8
Checkout at Secrets Vallarta Bay & Now Amber
On the day of your departure, your bags will be whisked away to await your private transfer back to the airport. All you need to do is be outside at your pre-confirmed time.
Transfer to Airport
Relax while your transfer picks you up at your hotel and takes you safely back to the airport to begin your journey home.
Flight from Gustavo Diaz Ordaz International Airport (PVR) to John F. Kennedy International Airport
When you arrive home in New York, I will have a car waiting for you to take you home. Relax and reminisce about your romantic adventure!
Thank you for the opportunity to plan your honeymoon! I loved working with and learning more about your lives and interests.
Post Trip
Review: Let me know how it went!
After you’ve had some time to rest and reflect on your adventure, I’d love to know how you liked the trip. Feedback about the trip and about my services is always helpful. I’d also love to plan your next adventure, so reach out any time!
Start planning with a Trip Designer
Learn more about planning a trip with a Reco Trip Designer. Chats occur in our secure portal. Chatting is always free. If it’s a good match, you’ll have the option to hire for $200.
Find a Trip Designer
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
