Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Catbi Airport (HPH)
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Hai Phong Hotels  Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
View map
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong Hotels  
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
13
Free Wifi
151
& up
145
Family-friendly
40
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+144
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
104
Pool
64
Free parking
125
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Pelican Cave (Hang Bo Nau)
Cat Ba National Park
Traveler rating
80
179
190
Hotel class
4 stars
33
3 stars
26
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
20
Mid-range
66
Luxury
30
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
859 of 2,018 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Catbi Airport

61. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
80 reviews
Du_ng Ng_c Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000, Vietnam
18.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#61 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…”
62. Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
18.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#62 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
63. Ha Long Land Hotel
1 review
O A78 A79 Au Tau | Tuan Chau, Ha Long 01000 - 02000, Vietnam
#63 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
64. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng | Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
20.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#64 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...”
65. The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
O So 1, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
19.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#65 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…”
66. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
19.0 miles from Catbi Airport
#66 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
67. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#67 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
68. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
| Viet Hai, Cat Hai, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
20.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#68 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...”
69. Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303, Vietnam
18.7 miles from Catbi Airport
#69 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
70. Anh Duong Hotel
Ngoc Chau street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#70 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...”
71. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Halong Bay, Vietnam
20.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#71 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…”
72. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
20.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#72 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
73. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong | Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000, Vietnam
20.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#73 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…”
74. Long Hai Hotel
| Km 18, Vinh Hong, Mao Khe, Dong Trieu, Vietnam
19.3 miles from Catbi Airport
#74 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
75. Central Luxury Ha Long Hotel
9 reviews
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
20.7 miles from Catbi Airport
#75 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...”
76. Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town | 4hrs by boat from Halong Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84, Vietnam
#76 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!”
77. Lang Chai Hotel
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#77 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
78. Windy Hill Catba Homestay
Duong Xuyen Dao, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#78 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...”
79. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
20.9 miles from Catbi Airport
#79 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.”
80. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
21.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#80 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...”
Visit hotel website
81. Sunlight Hotel
2 reviews
88 Hung Thang Tourist area | Bai Chay, Hung Thang, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#81 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...”
82. Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
To 5, Khu 9, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#82 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
83. Vuon Dao
5 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
21.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#83 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…”
84. Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
#84 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...”
85. Camellia Tuan Chau
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#85 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…”
86. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#86 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
87. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#87 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…”
88. Cat Ba Freedom Island Retreat
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…”
89. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
Tuan Chau Island, Halong Bay 033, Vietnam
#89 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...”
90. Atlantic Hotel
6 reviews
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area | 842 048, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…”
Previous
Next
123456…
859 of 2,018 properties
Clear all filters
Du_ng Ng_c Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000,
The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
The resort is very good value for money. Good
location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
O A78 A79 Au Tau
Tuan Chau
Ha Long 01000 - 02000,
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng
Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ
Ha Long 200000,
Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
Great experience liked the facilities they
have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
O So 1
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the
4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
Viet Hai, Cat Hai
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free
wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303,
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
Ngoc Chau street
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs
so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area
Halong Bay,
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel
agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong
Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000,
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and
tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Km 18, Vinh Hong, Mao Khe
Dong Trieu,
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward
Ha Long 01000,
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and
comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town
4hrs by boat from Halong Bay
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84,
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them.
The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang
Halong Bay 200000,
Duong Xuyen Dao
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars,
it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000,
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean.
Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard
Halong Bay 20000,
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was
seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
88 Hung Thang Tourist area
Bai Chay
Hung Thang, Halong Bay,
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5
minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
To 5, Khu 9
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay
Halong Bay 8433,
there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
there is not much to say about. we had cold
shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad
weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a
ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet
area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are
broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
Tuan Chau Island
Halong Bay 033,
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's
the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area
842 048
I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
I have to say that the whole area where the
cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
