Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 BEST Resorts near Ba Na Hills, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Resorts near Ba Na Hills
View map
Resorts near Ba Na Hills
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
TL 602 Hòa Ninh Hòa Vang, Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Ba Na Hills
Popular
5 stars
18
Breakfast included
61
32
Luxury
25
Property types
Resorts
+899
B&Bs & Inns
+475
Specialty lodgings
+121
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
70
Pool
68
Free parking
65
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
69
73
Hotel class
4 stars
29
3 stars
13
2 stars
1
Style
Budget
2
Mid-range
45
Family-friendly
58
Show more
Brands
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Powered By Archipelago
Pullman
108 of 4,833 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Ba Na Hills

Top Rated
2023
31. RiverTown Hoi An Resort & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
4,035 reviews
47 Thoai Ngoc Hau Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
23.6 miles from Ba Na Hills
#31 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really pleased with our stay - Very friendly and helpful staff. Also, free push bicycle use, which was fun! Very clean and well maintained facilities. + Excellent breakfast food variety! (I’m a foodie). Also gave...”
Visit hotel website
32. Almanity Hoi An Resort & Spa
2,629 reviews
326 Ly Thu_ng Ki_t | Phường Minh An, Tan An Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
23.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#32 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Hotel was a hidden oasis away from the chaos of the old town, but not too far so it was within short walking / cheap taxi distance away. Special shout out to our driver Vu, who went above and beyond to make sure…”
33. Emerald Hoi An Riverside Resort
1,693 reviews
127 Ngo Quyen, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Fabulous location and facilities. The room was very clean and comfortable and the outdoor area / pool were wonderful with lots of seating areas etc. The staff were exceptionally helpful and proffecient, Quang…”
34. Bay Resort Hoi An
81 reviews
Xuyen Trung Block | Cam Nam Ward, Hoi An 51300, Vietnam
24.5 miles from Ba Na Hills
#34 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel. All the facilities are very nice and clean including pool, gym, and the rooms. Pool bar is fairly affordable with different food options. There are free of charge bikes to go...”
35. Ancient House Resort Hotel
1,136 reviews
377 Cua Dai, Hoi An, Vietnam
24.2 miles from Ba Na Hills
#35 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“5 star, friendly staff, Minn was very attentive. Great location, room was clean and modern. Great shuttle bus service, especially to the beach Hotel was very well run, laundry back the same day. Reception staff...”
36. Hoi An Historic Hotel
2,190 reviews
10 Tran Hung Dao St, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Love this hotel. Close to everything and the staff are so accommodating and Turong went above and beyond with making sure we had everything we needed...”
37. Hadana Boutique Resort Hoi An
4,000 reviews
538 Cua Dai Street, Hoi An 550000, Vietnam
24.7 miles from Ba Na Hills
#37 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This is a very nice hotel with good customer service which is very close to the old town. The bicycles are available for free as well as a free access to beach services (beds, towels and umbrellas) in a restaurant...”
38. Anantara Hoi An Resort
3,116 reviews
1 Pham Hong Thai Street, Hoi An 880000, Vietnam
24.6 miles from Ba Na Hills
#38 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent stay at the Anantara resort. The staff treat you like royalty. The amenities in the room are top class, everything is provided for you and all eco friendly. Cannot recommend this place enough. It was so...”
39. Silk Sense Hoi An River Resort
1,372 reviews
01 Dong Da Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
25.5 miles from Ba Na Hills
#39 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was nice because the room was spacious and the air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...”
40. Vinh Hung Riverside Resort
2,146 reviews
111 Ngo Quyen Street, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
24.0 miles from Ba Na Hills
#40 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really good spot, just out of the noise, on the river, but not too far from the Market and eating area. Rooms were clean and comfortable, breakfast had a good variety, staff as usual very friendly, 2 Swimming…”
41. Nhi Nhi Hotel
953 reviews
60 Hung Vuong Street, Hoi An 0510, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...”
42. Le Pavillon Hoi An Luxury Resort & Spa
1,213 reviews
145B Tran Nhan Tong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
25.1 miles from Ba Na Hills
#42 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel is surrounded by a green oasis, providing a peaceful location only 2km outside of Hoi An ancient town. I was able to see the mountains from my balcony, and enjoyed walking along the river at the front…”
43. Green Heaven Resort & Spa
1,359 reviews
21 La Hoi St., An Hoi, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We were booked to travel in March. but had to cancel last minute due to the Corona Virus. We then had a very stressful time trying to obtain refunds, but after explaining the situation to Green Heaven Resort…”
44. Palm Garden Resort Hoi An
3,742 reviews
Lac Long Quan Street | Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An, Vietnam
25.6 miles from Ba Na Hills
#44 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...”
45. Beachside Boutique Resort Hoi An
133 reviews
25 Nguyen Phan Vinh | Block 2, Tan Thanh, Cam An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...”
46. Sen Retreat Hoi An
1,890 reviews
488 Cua Dai Street, Hoi An 51314, Vietnam
24.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#46 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great Hotel / Resort in Hoi Ann. Room, pool, breakfast and location was great. Only 3 minutes by motorbike to the Old Quarter. Many restaurants close by and also quiet of a nighttime. Staff were all extremely...”
47. Hoi An Garden Palace & Spa
1,273 reviews
311 Cua Dai Street | Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“A lovely authentic hotel with the best staff. A very comfortable room, great breakfast with lots of choice. Great location for both old town & beach. We made great use of the free bicycles & explored the town thru...”
48. CHiEM HoiAn - The Beachside Boutique Hotel & Villa
18 reviews
Lane 150 Nguyen Phan Vinh Str | An Bang Beach, Hoi An 51316, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed a couple of nights here and had a fantastic time. The hotel is just 30 m from the beach which is stunning, they provide beach towels for guests, no charge. The Hotel itself is light and airy large doors...”
49. Legacy Hoi An Resort
1,951 reviews
Du_ng T_ng Van Suong | Thanh Dong Hamlet, Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
25.7 miles from Ba Na Hills
#49 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely Hotel, in a beautiful location overlooking the Paddy fields. We stayed in room, 222 on the second floor which was really quiet. We ate in the bar, really nice choice of food, burgers, pasta, sandwiches, and...”
50. Anmira Resort & Spa Hoi An by The Unlimited Collection
1,452 reviews
276 Cua Dai Road, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
25.4 miles from Ba Na Hills
#50 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...”
51. Hung Do Beach Homestay
Lodge
41 reviews
Hamlet 6A, An Bang beach, An Bang Group, Cam An district, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
23.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#51 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had been here 2 days for our holiday and my bf's business trip . We give 5 star for the staff and onwer. They are really friendly and kind The other stuff. No commend Anyway, we did not stay much in the...”
52. Oriental Boutique Hoi An
17 reviews
330 Cua Dai, Cam Chau ward, Hoi An city, Quang Nam province, Vietnam, Hoi An 51314, Vietnam
25.2 miles from Ba Na Hills
#52 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Fabulous hotel, staff very courteous and so helpful ensuring you have an amazing time. Great variety at breakfast. Huong_Vi_Tu at reception is very efficient and always smiling. Hau (Manager) ensures that you have...”
53. Riverside Bamboo Resort
205 reviews
83/09 Duong Nguyen Duy Hieu, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Now that this property is under new management, everything that past reviewer mentioned has changed, We stayed 2 weeks and found that the management and staff went out of their way to make sure our holiday was...”
54. Hoi An Field Boutique Resort & Spa
129 reviews
368 Tran Nhan Tong | Thanh Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our rooms have been comfortable very clean. Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…”
55. Villa Hoa Su Frangipani
200 reviews
Hamlet No 5, Cam Thanh Ward | Hoian City, Quang Nam Province, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Just 1 night to stay here with family during my weekend, the villas is around 3 km to Hoi An center, so peaceful. Room is large with very nice balcony facing to the lake. We loved to stay at balcony and enjoy the...”
56. Pho Hoi Riverside Resort
565 reviews
01 Nguyen Tri Phuong | Xuyen Trung, Cam Nam, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Facilities are old closed a part Room is clean and big but old Staff is friendly Location is near by market and ancient town Breakfast is really good and variety for customers Price is reasonable ( room and...”
57. An Villa
Villa
99 reviews
Group 1, Vong Nhi village | Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
25.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#57 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“When you prefer a quiet, private and serene place, this is the hotel to stay. You can have fabulous massages in your room and then jump into the pool surrounded by a natural garden. The Vietnamese food is...”
58. Muca Hoi An Boutique Resort & Spa
818 reviews
Cua Dai St., 115 - 117 Alley, Vong Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Muca hotel is a perfect countryside retreat in the vicinity of most beautiful old town in Vietnam: Hoi An. The hotel room here features the widest bed we ever saw, it would sleep 6 persons, let alone 2 of us. ”
59. The Villa Hoi An Boutique Hotel
33 reviews
91 Cua Dai | Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...”
60. Hoi An Riverside Resort & Spa
40 reviews
175 Cua Dai, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“A really lovely experience for the 3 nights we stayed there. Staff are super friendly and attentive, restaurant and spa are very good. We got 2 adjoining rooms to cater for our 17 yo, a massage for two, dinner one...”
Previous
Next
1234
Ba Na Hills
108 of 4,833 properties
Clear all filters
47 Thoai Ngoc Hau Street
Hoi An 560000,
Really pleased with our stay - Very friendly and helpful staff. Also, free push bicycle use, which was fun! Very clean and well maintained facilities. + Excellent breakfast food variety! (I’m a foodie). Also gave...
Really pleased with our stay - Very friendly and
helpful staff. Also, free push bicycle use, which was fun! Very clean and well maintained facilities. + Excellent breakfast food variety! (I’m a foodie). Also gave...
326 Ly Thu_ng Ki_t
Phường Minh An, Tan An Ward
Hotel was a hidden oasis away from the chaos of the old town, but not too far so it was within short walking / cheap taxi distance away. Special shout out to our driver Vu, who went above and beyond to make sure…
Hotel was a hidden oasis away from the chaos of
the old town, but not too far so it was within short walking / cheap taxi distance away. Special shout out to our driver Vu, who went above and beyond to make sure…
127 Ngo Quyen
Fabulous location and facilities. The room was very clean and comfortable and the outdoor area / pool were wonderful with lots of seating areas etc. The staff were exceptionally helpful and proffecient, Quang…
Fabulous location and facilities. The room was
very clean and comfortable and the outdoor area / pool were wonderful with lots of seating areas etc. The staff were exceptionally helpful and proffecient, Quang…
Xuyen Trung Block
Cam Nam Ward
Hoi An 51300,
We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel. All the facilities are very nice and clean including pool, gym, and the rooms. Pool bar is fairly affordable with different food options. There are free of charge bikes to go...
We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel. All the
facilities are very nice and clean including pool, gym, and the rooms. Pool bar is fairly affordable with different food options. There are free of charge bikes to go...
377 Cua Dai
Hoi An,
5 star, friendly staff, Minn was very attentive. Great location, room was clean and modern. Great shuttle bus service, especially to the beach Hotel was very well run, laundry back the same day. Reception staff...
5 star, friendly staff, Minn was very attentive.
Great location, room was clean and modern. Great shuttle bus service, especially to the beach Hotel was very well run, laundry back the same day. Reception staff...
10 Tran Hung Dao St
Hoi An 51000,
Love this hotel. Close to everything and the staff are so accommodating and Turong went above and beyond with making sure we had everything we needed...
Love this hotel. Close to everything and the
staff are so accommodating and Turong went above and beyond with making sure we had everything we needed...
538 Cua Dai Street
Hoi An 550000,
This is a very nice hotel with good customer service which is very close to the old town. The bicycles are available for free as well as a free access to beach services (beds, towels and umbrellas) in a restaurant...
This is a very nice hotel with good customer
service which is very close to the old town. The bicycles are available for free as well as a free access to beach services (beds, towels and umbrellas) in a restaurant...
1 Pham Hong Thai Street
Hoi An 880000,
Excellent stay at the Anantara resort. The staff treat you like royalty. The amenities in the room are top class, everything is provided for you and all eco friendly. Cannot recommend this place enough. It was so...
Excellent stay at the Anantara resort. The staff
treat you like royalty. The amenities in the room are top class, everything is provided for you and all eco friendly. Cannot recommend this place enough. It was so...
01 Dong Da Street
It was nice because the room was spacious and the air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...
It was nice because the room was spacious and the
air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...
111 Ngo Quyen Street
Really good spot, just out of the noise, on the river, but not too far from the Market and eating area. Rooms were clean and comfortable, breakfast had a good variety, staff as usual very friendly, 2 Swimming…
Really good spot, just out of the noise, on the
river, but not too far from the Market and eating area. Rooms were clean and comfortable, breakfast had a good variety, staff as usual very friendly, 2 Swimming…
60 Hung Vuong Street
Hoi An 0510,
The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...
The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and
friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...
145B Tran Nhan Tong
This hotel is surrounded by a green oasis, providing a peaceful location only 2km outside of Hoi An ancient town. I was able to see the mountains from my balcony, and enjoyed walking along the river at the front…
This hotel is surrounded by a green oasis,
providing a peaceful location only 2km outside of Hoi An ancient town. I was able to see the mountains from my balcony, and enjoyed walking along the river at the front…
21 La Hoi St., An Hoi
We were booked to travel in March. but had to cancel last minute due to the Corona Virus. We then had a very stressful time trying to obtain refunds, but after explaining the situation to Green Heaven Resort…
We were booked to travel in March. but had to
cancel last minute due to the Corona Virus. We then had a very stressful time trying to obtain refunds, but after explaining the situation to Green Heaven Resort…
Lac Long Quan Street
Cua Dai Beach
Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...
Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing
end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...
25 Nguyen Phan Vinh
Block 2, Tan Thanh, Cam An
This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...
This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is
chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...
488 Cua Dai Street
Hoi An 51314,
Great Hotel / Resort in Hoi Ann. Room, pool, breakfast and location was great. Only 3 minutes by motorbike to the Old Quarter. Many restaurants close by and also quiet of a nighttime. Staff were all extremely...
Great Hotel / Resort in Hoi Ann. Room, pool,
breakfast and location was great. Only 3 minutes by motorbike to the Old Quarter. Many restaurants close by and also quiet of a nighttime. Staff were all extremely...
311 Cua Dai Street
Cam Chau Ward
A lovely authentic hotel with the best staff. A very comfortable room, great breakfast with lots of choice. Great location for both old town & beach. We made great use of the free bicycles & explored the town thru...
A lovely authentic hotel with the best staff. A
very comfortable room, great breakfast with lots of choice. Great location for both old town & beach. We made great use of the free bicycles & explored the town thru...
Lane 150 Nguyen Phan Vinh Str
An Bang Beach
Hoi An 51316,
We stayed a couple of nights here and had a fantastic time. The hotel is just 30 m from the beach which is stunning, they provide beach towels for guests, no charge. The Hotel itself is light and airy large doors...
We stayed a couple of nights here and had a
fantastic time. The hotel is just 30 m from the beach which is stunning, they provide beach towels for guests, no charge. The Hotel itself is light and airy large doors...
Du_ng T_ng Van Suong
Thanh Dong Hamlet, Cam Thanh Village
Lovely Hotel, in a beautiful location overlooking the Paddy fields. We stayed in room, 222 on the second floor which was really quiet. We ate in the bar, really nice choice of food, burgers, pasta, sandwiches, and...
Lovely Hotel, in a beautiful location overlooking
the Paddy fields. We stayed in room, 222 on the second floor which was really quiet. We ate in the bar, really nice choice of food, burgers, pasta, sandwiches, and...
276 Cua Dai Road
Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...
Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was
very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...
Hamlet 6A, An Bang beach, An Bang Group, Cam An district
We had been here 2 days for our holiday and my bf's business trip . We give 5 star for the staff and onwer. They are really friendly and kind The other stuff. No commend Anyway, we did not stay much in the...
We had been here 2 days for our holiday and my
bf's business trip . We give 5 star for the staff and onwer. They are really friendly and kind The other stuff. No commend Anyway, we did not stay much in the...
330 Cua Dai, Cam Chau ward, Hoi An city, Quang Nam province, Vietnam
Fabulous hotel, staff very courteous and so helpful ensuring you have an amazing time. Great variety at breakfast. Huong_Vi_Tu at reception is very efficient and always smiling. Hau (Manager) ensures that you have...
Fabulous hotel, staff very courteous and so
helpful ensuring you have an amazing time. Great variety at breakfast. Huong_Vi_Tu at reception is very efficient and always smiling. Hau (Manager) ensures that you have...
83/09 Duong Nguyen Duy Hieu
Now that this property is under new management, everything that past reviewer mentioned has changed, We stayed 2 weeks and found that the management and staff went out of their way to make sure our holiday was...
Now that this property is under new management,
everything that past reviewer mentioned has changed, We stayed 2 weeks and found that the management and staff went out of their way to make sure our holiday was...
368 Tran Nhan Tong
Thanh Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Commune
Our rooms have been comfortable very clean. Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…
Our rooms have been comfortable very clean.
Staff have been wonderful friendly and massage staff excellent. Thank Phuong Kim and ling are beautiful people. Highly recommend this hotel to everyone and return…
Hamlet No 5, Cam Thanh Ward
Hoian City, Quang Nam Province
Just 1 night to stay here with family during my weekend, the villas is around 3 km to Hoi An center, so peaceful. Room is large with very nice balcony facing to the lake. We loved to stay at balcony and enjoy the...
Just 1 night to stay here with family during my
weekend, the villas is around 3 km to Hoi An center, so peaceful. Room is large with very nice balcony facing to the lake. We loved to stay at balcony and enjoy the...
01 Nguyen Tri Phuong
Xuyen Trung, Cam Nam
Facilities are old closed a part Room is clean and big but old Staff is friendly Location is near by market and ancient town Breakfast is really good and variety for customers Price is reasonable ( room and...
Facilities are old closed a part Room is clean
and big but old Staff is friendly Location is near by market and ancient town Breakfast is really good and variety for customers Price is reasonable ( room and...
Group 1, Vong Nhi village
Cam Thanh Commune
When you prefer a quiet, private and serene place, this is the hotel to stay. You can have fabulous massages in your room and then jump into the pool surrounded by a natural garden. The Vietnamese food is...
When you prefer a quiet, private and serene
place, this is the hotel to stay. You can have fabulous massages in your room and then jump into the pool surrounded by a natural garden. The Vietnamese food is...
Cua Dai St., 115 - 117 Alley, Vong Nhi Hamlet, Cam Thanh Village
Muca hotel is a perfect countryside retreat in the vicinity of most beautiful old town in Vietnam: Hoi An. The hotel room here features the widest bed we ever saw, it would sleep 6 persons, let alone 2 of us.
Muca hotel is a perfect countryside retreat in
the vicinity of most beautiful old town in Vietnam: Hoi An. The hotel room here features the widest bed we ever saw, it would sleep 6 persons, let alone 2 of us.
91 Cua Dai
We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...
We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and
cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...
175 Cua Dai
A really lovely experience for the 3 nights we stayed there. Staff are super friendly and attentive, restaurant and spa are very good. We got 2 adjoining rooms to cater for our 17 yo, a massage for two, dinner one...
A really lovely experience for the 3 nights we
stayed there. Staff are super friendly and attentive, restaurant and spa are very good. We got 2 adjoining rooms to cater for our 17 yo, a massage for two, dinner one...
3
4
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
