Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Jtt00 wrote a review May 2019
31 contributions13 helpful votes
Excellent!
Great hotel , great staff and location . They have an amazing rooftop pool and bar area . I really can't fault the place! The breakfast has everything you can think off . I only had B and B so can't comment on the dinner or lunch.
Read more
Date of stay: May 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jul 3, 2019
Xin chào Jtt00, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Many thanks for choosing our hotel for your stay and your kind words. We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We look forward to having chance to welcome you back again soon! Best regards, The A La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
John B wrote a review May 2019
1 contribution1 helpful vote
A perfect stay
I really enjoyed my stay at A La Carte, Da-nang. The best part about the hotel was the staff/employees. Friendly, helpful and most spoke excellent English. We decided to organise our trips through the hotel and the help was great, they provided us a really good service. The food was really good and really well priced. The breakfast buffet was outstanding. The rooftop swimming pool was a great place to relax and it even has a rooftop bar to chill out at night. A small coffee shop with freshly made cakes on the bottom floor provided a nice place to chill out and relax prior to checking into our apartment. This was defiantly in my top 10 places I have stayed. My only grumble, if I have to add one, was there was a new hotel getting constructed opposite which did disturb my…
1 Helpful vote
Xin chào John B, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us on TripAdvisor. Anh thanks for trust that we could have chance being at your service. Your feedback as well as many other compliments are the greatest motivation for us to improve the quality of our products and service. Hopefully, we would have another chance to welcome you back to A La Carte for your next vacation. Warmest Regards, The A La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
NhungNguyen wrote a review May 2019
Phu Quoc Island, Vietnam6 contributions
Good drink, fantastic music
I came around 8pm, almost Vietnamese guests The waitress was not too freindly, no one escorted guest But drink was super good, I had Long island ice tea, fast service Music from DJ was fantastic to relax
Response from ALC M, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded May 12, 2019
Xin chào nhungnguyen_env, Thank you for taking time to give us your review on here. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience, we have assured that the matter has been discussed with relative department to ensure that we provide you with a better level of service next time you visit us. Sincerely,
ReviewerEye wrote a review Apr 2019
Muscat Governorate, Oman173 contributions57 helpful votes
Best location and great service
Spent 5 wonderful days in this hotel. It’s great location near beach and easy access to main attractions in Da Nang. They have cozy rooftop pool. Lobby offers good fresh sandwiches. Team is good and helpful. Concierge arranged most of our tours in professional way. I highly recommend. Cheers,
Date of stay: April 2019
Response from ALC M, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Apr 28, 2019
Xin chào ReviewerEye, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Jel86 wrote a review Apr 2019
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam1152 contributions150 helpful votes
+1
Great 4 star hotel on the beach
We loved our stay there. 2 nights. Spacious room with kitchen area. View to the beach on the side. The infinity pool on the rooftop is great and scenic. The rooftop bar could improve its offer and the quality of its drinks. The breakfast buffet offers a wide variety but noting is very good. The staff is very professional and lovely. Nice beach just across the street. Great value for money. We will be back.
Responded Apr 22, 2019
Xin chào JeI86, Thank you for choosing A la Carte Hotel for your stay and taking the time to share your positive feedback recently. We are extremely pleased to learn that your overall stay with us was good. Customer's encouraging comments are a great motivation and give us even more enthusiasm in maintaining our efforts to offer service excellence. It was a great pleasure to be as your service and we hope that would have time to welcome you back soon again. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Passenger46975 wrote a review Apr 2019
Shanghai, China21 contributions11 helpful votes
Clean rooms, lovely staff, serious noise problem
The staff at this hotel were very pleasant - from those helping to book sightseeing visits on the ground floor to the kitchen and restaurant staff at breakfast. Everyone welcomed you with a smile and warmth that you associate with Vietnam. The room we had was spacious, well-kept and clean. The beds were very comfortable. The hotels’ location was right opposite the beach. The roof top pool and bar overlooked this beach (with only the unfortunate sight of cranes on the next door building visible - but this was not really a problem) The real problem was the noise coming from the beach and this was a serious problem. Until late at night - 11pm even later - a KTV tent blares music out at such a volume it is impossible to sleep. Not only that, at around 5am in the morning it…
Responded Apr 23, 2019
Xin chao Passenger46975, First of all, thank you very much for your recent stay with us, and taking the time to provide us with your feedback. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience and, I was very disappointed to read of your experience during your stay with us. Whilst an apology will regrettably not after the outcome of your occasion, I do extend it with all sincerity. We value all of our guests and will try our utmost to extend our usual warm and caring service at all times. Each and every associate at A La Carte Da Nang Beach is fully trained to provide dedicated service excellence but regrettably, we seem to have fallen short of our usual high standards on this occasion. I certainly empathize regarding the points you mention in your review, especially the noise you experience of the building next to our hotel Please accept my apologies for the shortfalls and please rest assured that the matter has been discussed with our relative department to ensure that we provide you with a better level of service next time you visit us. Sincerely,
Alex D wrote a review Apr 2019
Hanoi, Vietnam692 contributions96 helpful votes
Great location but need some more improvement
Beach front hotel, great location. There are a lot of restaurants around the hotel. Easy to access to the beach. The room is spacious. There is a kitchen but actually it takes up some spaces as most of the guests just stay there for few nights and no one will do any cooking there. The bathroom is dark and the shower is leaking. Breakfast is simple, not many choices for a 4 star hotel. Anyway the staff is nice and friendly
Responded Apr 24, 2019
Xin chao AlexD431, Thank you for taking the time to advice us of your stay at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience. We have assured that the matter has been discussed with relative department to ensure that we provide you with a better level of service next time you visit us. Thank you once again for your valuable feedback, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Robinb79 wrote a review Mar 2019
Philadelphia, PA301 contributions70 helpful votes
Unique and spectacular wedding venue
We are American expats living in Da Nang and chose A La Carte as the location for our wedding ceremony and reception in March, 2019. We used ALC's beautiful rooftop lounge and outdoor space overlooking the ocean for our 30-guest ceremony and 90-guest reception. From the moment we first met with the A La Carte Sales and Food & Beverage Team, to the follow-up after our event, every interaction and every detail exceeded our expectations. I cannot imagine that there is a more professional, kind, attentive, and all-around lovely team than those at A La Carte. A special shout out goes to Lucy, Nhat, Thao, and Tram! From the clear and timely communication with the superb sales team, to the quality of the food, attention to detail in the seating and music setup, to a thousand small…
Date of stay: March 2019
Xin chào Robinb79, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. It was a great honor for all of us to witness your happiness. Thank you again for letting us be there in your special da. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Samaritano wrote a review Mar 2019
America, The Netherlands104 contributions10 helpful votes
Good place!
On the way I am going to My Khe Beach, I go to this place and enjoy some cocktail on the top floor...It's bring to me the good feeling..you can enjoy the drinks and sight seeing around Da Nang city with the beach view...beside,it's have swimming pool next to the coffee area. You should to come here once..highly recommend!
Date of stay: January 2019
Responded Mar 29, 2019
Xin chào SofiaNT715, Thank you so much for taking time to give us a review. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your time with us, especially great service from our team. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
ben so wrote a review Mar 2019
1 contribution
Excellent service
Great location, instant response of room serivice. Despite the music festival nearby may cause noise at late night, overall experience is satisfied and we are willing to come back next time. Nguyen and Thao from guest service are nice I advise you to change Hoi An bus time because 21:30 is quite late to come back. 21:00 is better
Responded Mar 7, 2019
Xin chào ben s, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I will make sure to pass your review to Nguyen and Thao also our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1314151617…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Jtt00
31 contributions
31
13 helpful votes
13
Date of stay:
transparency report
John B
1
1 helpful vote
I really enjoyed my stay at A La Carte, Da-nang. The best part about the hotel was the staff/employees. Friendly, helpful and most spoke excellent English. We decided to organise our trips through the hotel and the help was great, they provided us a really good service. The food was really good and really well priced. The breakfast buffet was outstanding. The rooftop swimming pool was a great place to relax and it even has a rooftop bar to chill out at night. A small coffee shop with freshly made cakes on the bottom floor provided a nice place to chill out and relax prior to checking into our apartment. This was defiantly in my top 10 places I have stayed. My only grumble, if I have to add one, was there was a new hotel getting constructed opposite which did disturb my
NhungNguyen
Phu Quoc Island, Vietnam
6 contributions
6
ReviewerEye
Muscat Governorate, Oman
173 contributions
173
57 helpful votes
57
Jel86
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
1152 contributions
1152
150 helpful votes
150
Passenger46975
Shanghai, China
21 contributions
21
11 helpful votes
11
The staff at this hotel were very pleasant - from those helping to book sightseeing visits on the ground floor to the kitchen and restaurant staff at breakfast. Everyone welcomed you with a smile and warmth that you associate with Vietnam. The room we had was spacious, well-kept and clean. The beds were very comfortable. The hotels’ location was right opposite the beach. The roof top pool and bar overlooked this beach (with only the unfortunate sight of cranes on the next door building visible - but this was not really a problem) The real problem was the noise coming from the beach and this was a serious problem. Until late at night - 11pm even later - a KTV tent blares music out at such a volume it is impossible to sleep. Not only that, at around 5am in the morning it
Alex D
Hanoi, Vietnam
692 contributions
692
96 helpful votes
96
Robinb79
Philadelphia, PA
301 contributions
301
70 helpful votes
70
We are American expats living in Da Nang and chose A La Carte as the location for our wedding ceremony and reception in March, 2019. We used ALC's beautiful rooftop lounge and outdoor space overlooking the ocean for our 30-guest ceremony and 90-guest reception. From the moment we first met with the A La Carte Sales and Food & Beverage Team, to the follow-up after our event, every interaction and every detail exceeded our expectations. I cannot imagine that there is a more professional, kind, attentive, and all-around lovely team than those at A La Carte. A special shout out goes to Lucy, Nhat, Thao, and Tram! From the clear and timely communication with the superb sales team, to the quality of the food, attention to detail in the seating and music setup, to a thousand small
Samaritano
America, The Netherlands
104 contributions
104
10 helpful votes
10
ben so
…
14
15
16
17
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
