Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Walk-in Shower in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
26 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Walk-in Shower
Top Rated
Best Seller
1. Manoir Des Arts Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
588 reviews
#1 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
2023
2. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
#2 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
3. Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#3 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
4. Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
#4 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
5. Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#5 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
6. Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
#6 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
7. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
#7 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
8. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
#8 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
9. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
#9 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from..."
"I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with..."
10. Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
#10 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The..."
"Incredible service by the host, clean and spacious room with hot water. Motorbike rental was cheap too. Booked the cruise tour here and it's very enjoyable. Location was great and convenient, and I will definitely..."
11. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#11 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
12. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
#12 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
13. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
#13 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
14. The Shine Hotel
1 review
#14 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
15. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
#15 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and the..."
"I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel. The personalized service from the staff, especially their quick response to my request for a workspace, stood out. The spacious and comfortable room..."
16. Catba Dung Lien Hotel
#16 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great."
"The hotel was open a week ago Such a great place. The managers are awesome. Right aftet we booked a room he called us to ask about special requests. The rooms are big and new and the hotel is located very close to..."
17. Novatel Hotel & Apartment
#17 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price..."
18. Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#18 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
19. Roygent Parks Hai Phong
2 reviews
#19 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
20. Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
#20 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here..."
21. Sono Belle Hai Phong
8 reviews
#21 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
22. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
#22 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
23. Win Win Hotel
0 reviews
#23 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
24. K-Zone The Star Hotel
#24 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
25. GeM.Th HOTEL
#25 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
26. Cát Bà Story Homestay
#26 Best Value of 26 Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Hotels with Walk-in Shower nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Chanthaburi Province
Jeju
Jeju is a hot tourist spot, booming with unique attractions. Romantic sunrises and sunsets, mild climate and beautiful sandy beaches make Jeju a popular honeymoon destination. Adventurers can hike to Baeknok Lake at the top of Mount Halla, South Korea’s highest peak. Keep an eye out for the “haenyeo,” female divers gathering fresh seafood, and the iconic “grandfather statues” displayed outside of many restaurants.
Tegalalang
South Male Atoll
Alice Springs
Stunning landscapes and a unique pioneering history create a diverse and exhilarating destination to explore. A thriving, spirited outback center, Alice Springs is as famous for the personality of its locals and traditional art as it is for the natural wonders, including the stunning Larapinta Trail and the MacDonnell Ranges surrounding it.
Republic of North Ossetia-Alania
Lazarevskoye District
Sunshine Coast
Onega Lake
Zanzibar Archipelago
A group of islands and islets some 25 miles off the Tanzanian coast, the Zanzibar Archipelago is headlined by Unguja (often referred to simply as Zanzibar) and Pemba. Once a separate nation, Zanzibar has a long history of trade with the Arab world, dating back to at least the 11th century. The capital, Stone Town, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and has many interesting historic attractions. Zanzibar's bright white beaches and nearby coral reefs make it very popular with the sun and sea set.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsWalk-in Shower
Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play (I’m..."
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
22.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
22.9 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
23.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
26
Hotels Prices From
$12
Hotels Reviews
1,437
Hotels Photos
2,531
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with walk-in shower
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
26 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
