Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Suzette wrote a review Aug 2023
6 contributions1 helpful vote
A view to kill for
The front line and restaurant employees went out of their way to accommodate our needs. The rooms are spacious with a great view. Great value for money, location is great and the infinity pool was the cherry on top.
Read more
Date of stay: August 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Aug 8, 2023
Dear Ms. Solooldlady, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
supertzar666 wrote a review Jul 2023
Dunnville, Canada1355 contributions244 helpful votes
+1
Great location
We stayed here for 4 nights recently but through Airbnb and not directly with the hotel. The location is fantastic as it is right across from a beautiful beach and near many restaurants/food vendors. There are 3 restaurants onsite and an amazing roof top infinity pool overlooking the sea. There are a decent amount of chairs but no shade. All areas were very clean and we felt very safe. We will stay here again when in the area.
Date of stay: June 2023
Responded Jul 11, 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Dan N wrote a review Jul 2023
1 contribution1 helpful vote
Great Location, but Nothing Special
Booking a family room for 2 nights. Maybe because my room is on the 6th floor, I could hear all the noise on the street all night long. If you book a room in this hotel, you better get a room in higher floors. Bathroom was small and no bath tub. Sink and countertop both were small. There was not enough space for my personal stuffs. People talked about the infinitive swimming pool. Besides the view, there’s nothing more to enjoy. Small and narrow, it is more for decoration than for swimming. Breakfast buffet was just ok. Same as other hotels in this area like donuts, cakes, croissants, breads, and some noodles. They provided same foods during my stay. Nothing special.
Date of stay: July 2023
1 Helpful vote
Responded Jul 3, 2023
Dear Mr./ Ms. Dan N, Thank you for leaving a review for our hotel. We are sorry that you did not have a good time at the hotel. In terms of room types, there are currently only 2 types of rooms with bathtubs: Delight City and Delight Ocean. On websites, and booking apps, we already mentioned the bathtub in the description. As for the noise, if you've stayed at the hotel over the past weekend or June 30 - July 1, the music noise comes from the city's event held at the East Sea Park. We apologize for not taking this information when you made your reservation. Once again, À La Carte Da Nang Beach sincerely apologizes to your family for the bad experience during this vacation. Hopefully, our apology can bring some comfort to you and your family. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
John U wrote a review Jun 2023
2 contributions2 helpful votes
Family holiday Danang
Had a great stay, was close to everything. Our Ocean view room was lovely, breakfast was good, cool roof top pool and the front office manager Nguyen was amazingly helpful and friendly. Only problem was the loud dance music coming from the Ocean lounge club across the road at night.
Responded Jun 30, 2023
Dear Mr. John, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Rui N wrote a review Jun 2023
Flic En Flac3 contributions1 helpful vote
Great time on vietnam
Very good rooms, spacious, with balcony, the front view. Good bed and pillows. Friendly and helpful employees. They are excellent. Very good cleanness. The small kitchen in bedroon, is very helpful. Just one remark: the breackfast room is a little small when the hotel os full. Very good experience, to repeat some day, and to tell our friends. Thanks you.
Responded Jun 20, 2023
Dear Mr./ Ms. Rui N, It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at À La Carte Danang Beach. Thank you so much for supporting us with a five star review. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
O J wrote a review Jun 2023
I would go again!
Great room and staff! Definitely could recommend this hotel. Nice clean and big hotel close to the beach. The sitting area was a great spot to hang out with friends before going out for dinner or a small trip.
Date of stay: July 2022
Responded Jun 5, 2023
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on TripAdvisor . All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Ajit G wrote a review May 2023
Mumbai, India9 contributions11 helpful votes
Great location and amazing sea viewing rooms!
Excellent location and great ambience! Breakfast spread is amazing with various choices. Located just opposite to a beautiful beach and very near city market. Staff is amazingly courteous, special mention about the lobby staff including Ms. Quent, Mr. Lam were really helpful 👍 Definite recommendation for family stay 👍
Date of stay: May 2023
Responded May 16, 2023
Dear M. Ajit_Garve, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Tania W wrote a review May 2023
Vasse, Australia36 contributions12 helpful votes
Great hotel, great location.
We loved our stay here. It is in a fantastic location right across the road from the beach in the central area. It was a short walk to bats, beach clubs, massages, restaurants, cafes etc and there was a mini Mary just around the corner. The room was spacious and had all the amenities, including flannels and robes. The air-conditioning worked well. Breakfast was awesome with many tastes catered for and eggs how you like, cooked fresh. Our only negative was that there was no shade over the entire pool area. It would have been nice to lay on a lounge up on the roof top, near the pool, but it was too hot in the full sun. We changed cash at the front desk and got a good rate, however, as it was a long weekend we could only change $100 AUD each day (as the banks…
Dear Ms. Tania, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Tripadvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Donna L wrote a review May 2023
Devonport, Australia8 contributions2 helpful votes
Awesome
Everything was perfect… we stayed on the 19th floor oceanview room. View off the balcony was to die for. Infinity pool was the best we have ever come across in our travels. Absolutely stunning. Staff were fantastic & helpful & breakfast was amazing. Location on Da Nang Beach was perfect with Beach Clubs etc across the road. Great 3 night stay
Responded May 14, 2023
Dear Mr./ Ms. Donnall, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Zhen wrote a review May 2023
Singapore, Singapore7 contributions2 helpful votes
Vacation in May 2023
• Stunning views from the infinity pool • Super friendly and helpful staff all around • Shout out to Ngoc, who is the lifeguard for recommendation for really good seafood close by • Room is of really good size and quality with a decent view • Only gripe is the lights in the bathroom were too dim, however it has strong water pressure with great drainage • Also, it would be good to have some crockery, utensils, and some washing up liquid • Beach is literally across the hotel • Great location and convenient with eateries, mini Marts, and beach bars within the vicinity • breakfast was good with a good mix of international & local cuisine
Dear Ms. Rachelle, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Trip Advisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Previous
Next
1…45678…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Suzette
6 contributions
6
1 helpful vote
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
supertzar666
Dunnville, Canada
1355 contributions
1355
244 helpful votes
244
Dan N
1 contribution
John U
2 contributions
2 helpful votes
Rui N
Flic En Flac
3 contributions
O J
Ajit G
Mumbai, India
9 contributions
9
11 helpful votes
11
Tania W
Vasse, Australia
36 contributions
36
12 helpful votes
12
We loved our stay here. It is in a fantastic location right across the road from the beach in the central area. It was a short walk to bats, beach clubs, massages, restaurants, cafes etc and there was a mini Mary just around the corner. The room was spacious and had all the amenities, including flannels and robes. The air-conditioning worked well. Breakfast was awesome with many tastes catered for and eggs how you like, cooked fresh. Our only negative was that there was no shade over the entire pool area. It would have been nice to lay on a lounge up on the roof top, near the pool, but it was too hot in the full sun. We changed cash at the front desk and got a good rate, however, as it was a long weekend we could only change $100 AUD each day (as the banks
Donna L
Devonport, Australia
8 contributions
8
Zhen
Singapore, Singapore
7 contributions
7
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
