Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Catbi Airport (HPH)
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Hai Phong Hotels  Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
View map
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong Hotels  
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
13
Free Wifi
151
& up
145
Family-friendly
40
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+144
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
104
Pool
64
Free parking
125
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Pelican Cave (Hang Bo Nau)
Cat Ba National Park
Traveler rating
80
179
190
Hotel class
4 stars
33
3 stars
26
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
20
Mid-range
66
Luxury
30
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
859 of 2,018 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Catbi Airport

241. Wyndham Legend Halong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
23.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#241 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
Top Rated
2023
242. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
8 Halong Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#242 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...”
243. Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
23.7 miles from Catbi Airport
#243 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…”
244. D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
23.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#244 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…”
One you. Multiple experiences. Exceptional benefits.
Dreaming of your next beach getaway? Raring to go on an action-packed urban adventure? Get ready to experience the best of what Asia has to offer in Thailand, South Korea, Vietnam, and Singapore while earning points and enjoying exclusive benefits.
Read now
245. The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
Duong 25/04 | Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
24.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#245 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...”
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
246. Vincent Halong Hotel
5 reviews
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long | Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
23.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#246 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...”
247. Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
Building S2, Lot Hh05, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
24.3 miles from Catbi Airport
#247 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.”
248. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
46 Ha Long, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#248 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
249. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
24.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#249 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
250. Halios Hotel Halong
38 Nguyen Du, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#250 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...”
251. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
24.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#251 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…”
252. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang, Halong Bay 01108, Vietnam
24.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#252 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...”
253. Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#253 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...”
254. Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
To Hien Thanh | Tran Hung Dao Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
24.9 miles from Catbi Airport
#254 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...”
255. Grand View Palace Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
Grand View Palace du_ng Tr_n thai tong T_ 6 Khu 6 Phu_ng Y_t Kieu | Tổ 6, Khu 6, Phường Yết Kiêu, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#255 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...”
256. Ha Long 3 Hotel
3 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,, Halong Bay, Vietnam
23.3 miles from Catbi Airport
#256 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
257. Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
25.0 miles from Catbi Airport
#257 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…”
Visit hotel website
258. Boston Hotel
22 Nguyen Thai Hoc Khu Do Thi Cienco 5 | Phuong Yet Kieu, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#258 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...”
259. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
T_ 65, Khu 5, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
25.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#259 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…”
260. Au Lac Resort
151 Le Loi Street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
24.7 miles from Catbi Airport
#260 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…”
261. Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
146 to Vinh Dien, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#261 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
262. Top One Halong Hotel
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
25.9 miles from Catbi Airport
#262 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...”
263. Harmony Halong Hotel
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4, Ha Long 02033, Vietnam
#263 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...”
264. Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
1 review
Loc Vung 1- Duong, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
25.7 miles from Catbi Airport
#264 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
265. Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
26.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#265 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
266. Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
Hai Quan Crossroads | Vuon Dao - Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#266 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...”
267. Prosperity Hotel
79 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#267 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...”
268. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
24.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#268 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
269. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#269 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. ”
270. Luxstay Hotel Ha Long
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 01110, Vietnam
26.0 miles from Catbi Airport
#270 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...”
Previous
Next
1…7891011…
859 of 2,018 properties
Clear all filters
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Halong Bay 200000,
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from
our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
We spent four days five nights at this resort,
and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill
Bai Chay Ward
Ha Long 200000,
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months
ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
Duong 25/04
Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a
good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long
Phường Bãi Cháy
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff
was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
Building S2, Lot Hh05
Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
Very good view, model equipment, large parking
garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
46 Ha Long
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
38 Nguyen Du
Ha Long 01000,
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely
clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai
Halong Bay,
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is
excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang
Halong Bay 01108,
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is
very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
10 Ha Long Road
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour
from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
To Hien Thanh
Tran Hung Dao Ward
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves
as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
Grand View Palace du_ng Tr_n thai tong T_ 6 Khu 6 Phu_ng Y_t Kieu
Tổ 6, Khu 6, Phường Yết Kiêu
The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...
The service quality was incredibly high and
quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the
first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
22 Nguyen Thai Hoc Khu Do Thi Cienco 5
Phuong Yet Kieu
Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...
Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean
hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...
T_ 65, Khu 5
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large
imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
151 Le Loi Street
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong
Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
146 to Vinh Dien
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in
Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4
Ha Long 02033,
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and
supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
Loc Vung 1- Duong
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Hai Quan Crossroads
Vuon Dao - Bai Chay
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of
a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
79 Ha Long
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and
already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The
property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward
Ha Long 01110,
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed.
The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
…
8
9
10
11
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
