Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Hai Phong, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Hai Phong Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Hai Phong
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Hai Phong
Tonight
3/103/11
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong Hotels  
Hai Phong Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Hai Phong
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $87 +
Price per night
Popular
5 stars
5
Free Wifi
61
& up
53
Family-friendly
21
Property types
Resorts
B&Bs & Inns
+73
Hostels
+29
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
44
Pool
22
Free parking
49
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Pelican Cave (Hang Bo Nau)
Cat Ba National Park
Traveler rating
32
73
80
Hotel class
4 stars
11
3 stars
8
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
15
Mid-range
20
Luxury
9
Brands
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
Melia
Mercure
Sheraton
152 of 813 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value

2023
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
$86
View deal
Expedia.com
$84
Algotels
$69
Priceline
$112
View all deals from $69 
809 reviews
#1 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…”
Top Rated
Best Seller
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
$44
Get rewarded with One Key
Booking.com
$45
Agoda.com
$34
Hotels.com
View all deals from $34 
588 reviews
#2 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...”
“Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local...”
Visit hotel website
The Moon Boutique Hotel Cat Ba
$51
View all deals from $51 
36 reviews
#3 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…”
“I wish I could give 10 stars. The rooms were emasculate, staff were so so friendly. We stayed at a few places on the island and this is definitely the place to be. A big thank you to Son who was super helpful...”
Catba View Hotel
$32
$22
$26
Vio.com
View all deals from $22 
76 reviews
#4 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...”
“We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is...”
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
$147
$143
$145
MGallery
View all deals from $143 
152 reviews
#5 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...”
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
$74
$72
$75
View all deals from $57 
246 reviews
#6 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...”
“We got here not knowing what 2 expect on Lunar New Year . city + hotel was very quiet Jeannie at the front desk was most helpful Arranged airport pick up , arranged my golf T off and welcomed us with a broad smile...”
Special offer
Mercure Hai Phong
$71
$70
View all deals from $70 
224 reviews
#7 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean...”
Sheraton Hai Phong
$90
Book Now with Marriott Bonvoy
$88
$89
View all deals from $88 
355 reviews
#8 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...”
Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
$67
$64
$49
View all deals from $49 
21 reviews
#9 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board...”
“Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I…”
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
$66
$55
$53
View all deals from $53 
457 reviews
#10 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...”
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
$65
$39
$47
Trip.com
View all deals from $39 
87 reviews
#11 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…”
“Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious...”
Dream Dragon Resort
$73
$68
29 reviews
#12 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...”
“The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also...”
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
$16
View all deals from $16 
24 reviews
#13 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...”
“We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can...”
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#14 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the…”
“Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing...”
The Tray Hotel
$52
$43
View all deals from $43 
41 reviews
#15 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and...”
“Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his...”
Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
#16 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...”
“We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good...”
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
$24
6 reviews
#17 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...”
“We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly…”
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
$30
#18 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“They helped me to make a last minute reservation, like 10 minutes before I needed to be picked up and it was highlight of my time at Cat Ba. (don’t be me, I made the mistake forgetting to confirm the day before).”
“Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...”
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
$31
Tripadvisor
View all deals from $31 
177 reviews
#19 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
$18
$19
View all deals from $18 
4 reviews
#20 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…”
“The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will...”
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
$8
View all deals from $8 
18 reviews
#21 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...”
“I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with...”
The Shine Hotel
$54
$56
View all deals from $45 
1 review
#22 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay.”
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
Read now
The Opera Hotel Hai Phong
View all deals from $24 
#23 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…”
“I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter…”
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
#24 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower ”
Punt Hotel
No fees just great deals
ZenHotels.com
#25 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the...”
Huu Nghi Hotel
$27
33 reviews
#26 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...”
“The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult…”
Lee Apartment & Hotel
$25
#27 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel.”
Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
$376
$21
View all deals from $21 
9 reviews
#28 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…”
“My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature...”
Novatel Hotel & Apartment
$20
$15
View all deals from $15 
#29 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price...”
Dong Duong Hotel
$13
$10
View all deals from $10 
19 reviews
#30 Best Value of 813 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I really enjoy the comfy of real mattress after a long 2 days mountain trek. The room is average. Everything is clean. Nothing special. There is a tv inside the room which made my stay even more relaxed. The staff...”
“We stayed in this hotel for just one night because we had to go to the airport very early in the morning. For this night it was ok and cheap. The location is not very nice ans its busi there. The room was clean…”
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
123456…11
152 of 813 properties
Clear all filters
 
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a
perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...
The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are
brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...
Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local...
Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the
food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local...
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable.
All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
I wish I could give 10 stars. The rooms were emasculate, staff were so so friendly. We stayed at a few places on the island and this is definitely the place to be. A big thank you to Son who was super helpful...
I wish I could give 10 stars. The rooms were
emasculate, staff were so so friendly. We stayed at a few places on the island and this is definitely the place to be. A big thank you to Son who was super helpful...
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before,
Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is...
We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel.
The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is...
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle
d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...
Every employees include Jameson were very nice
and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...
We got here not knowing what 2 expect on Lunar New Year . city + hotel was very quiet Jeannie at the front desk was most helpful Arranged airport pick up , arranged my golf T off and welcomed us with a broad smile...
We got here not knowing what 2 expect on Lunar
New Year . city + hotel was very quiet Jeannie at the front desk was most helpful Arranged airport pick up , arranged my golf T off and welcomed us with a broad smile...
Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean...
Everything here is great for me. The staff and
receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean...
I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...
I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023,
and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...
Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board...
Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At
arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board...
Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I…
Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every
single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I…
As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...
As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only
choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here,
the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious...
Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous
in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious...
The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...
The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve
been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...
The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also...
The service was slow and inconvenient. The food
was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also...
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an
ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can...
We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel.
Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can...
There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the…
There is no reason why I will not recommend this
hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the…
Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing...
Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong,
front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing...
Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and...
Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its
location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and...
Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his...
Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and
had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main
town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good...
We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The
hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good...
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant
and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly…
We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as
well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly…
They helped me to make a last minute reservation, like 10 minutes before I needed to be picked up and it was highlight of my time at Cat Ba. (don’t be me, I made the mistake forgetting to confirm the day before).
They helped me
to make a last minute reservation, like 10
last minute reservation
minutes before I needed to be picked up and it was highlight of my time at Cat Ba. (don’t be me, I made the mistake forgetting to confirm the day before).
Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
Only went to the restaurant but service was
great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and
this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will...
The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's
always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will...
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap.
The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with...
I usually go to catba island and tried almost
hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with...
Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay.
Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl
,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay.
We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…
We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to
Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…
I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter…
I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has
changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter…
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down
to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the...
This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently
refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the...
The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...
The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered!
Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...
The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult…
The reception here was good and welcoming, but
that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult…
I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel.
I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is
intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel.
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went
above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature...
My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter
travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature...
This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price...
This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed.
My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price...
I really enjoy the comfy of real mattress after a long 2 days mountain trek. The room is average. Everything is clean. Nothing special. There is a tv inside the room which made my stay even more relaxed. The staff...
I really enjoy the comfy of real mattress after a
long 2 days mountain trek. The room is average. Everything is clean. Nothing special. There is a tv inside the room which made my stay even more relaxed. The staff...
We stayed in this hotel for just one night because we had to go to the airport very early in the morning. For this night it was ok and cheap. The location is not very nice ans its busi there. The room was clean…
We stayed in this hotel for just one night
because we had to go to the airport very early in the morning. For this night it was ok and cheap. The location is not very nice ans its busi there. The room was clean…
2
3
4
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
