Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Halong Bay, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Halong Bay
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Halong Bay
Tonight
3/93/10
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Halong Bay
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $188 +
Price per night
Popular
5 stars
5
21
Breakfast included
27
Luxury
8
Property types
Resorts
B&Bs & Inns
+28
Hostels
+7
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
44
Pool
25
Free parking
37
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
40
49
51
Hotel class
4 stars
13
3 stars
7
2 stars
1
Style
Budget
3
Mid-range
26
Family-friendly
15
Brands
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Sheraton
61 of 474 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value

Tuần Chau Resort Hạ Lọng
$485
View deal
Multiple ways to pay
Trip.com
$41
Booking.com
0 reviews
#61 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Other places to stay you may like
Missing:
MotelsResorts
Ha Long Dream Hotel
Contact accommodation for availability.
View hotel details
21 reviews
#17 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Top Rated
Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
#14 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.”
“This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge...”
Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...”
“I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean…”
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...”
“I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's…”
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…”
“On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold...”
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
2 reviews
#45 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of...”
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
#46 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...”
“I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give...”
Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
#47 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
“This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are...”
Lan Tuong Hotel
#48 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...”
“Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the...”
HotelsMotels
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#69 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
“We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a...”
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...”
“Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but...”
SeaStar Hotel
9 reviews
#34 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...”
“What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make…”
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
#33 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
“View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the...”
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#35 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
“Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!”
Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
#40 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
“We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff...”
Ha Long Harbour Hotel
#42 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
“We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location...”
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
1 review
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
Lake Hills Hotel Halong
#59 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#60 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...”
“Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a...”
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
#61 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
The Twin Hotel
#62 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
The Marine Hotel
#63 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…”
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
#64 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…”
“got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and...”
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#68 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
“It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...”
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#70 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...”
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
#72 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
“We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very…”
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
1234567
61 of 474
Clear all filters
Motels
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean.
Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge...
This was our first stop on our two week vietnam
trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge...
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this
hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean…
I was looking for a hotel that was within walking
distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean…
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be
any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's…
I would like to tell all the people that may come
to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay
in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold...
On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the
beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold...
Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of...
Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms
are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of...
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy –
‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give...
I come there within my business and vacation. The
hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give...
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are...
This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I
booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour
from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the...
Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the
main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a...
We were booked into this hotel when our overnight
trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of
the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but...
Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong
Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in
amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make…
What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made
sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make…
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the...
View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing.
Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!
Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff.
Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff...
We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is
super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location...
We stayed one night and everything was asper our
expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location...
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you
really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a...
Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but
just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and
comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel
agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and...
got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay
was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and...
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...
It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good.
The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel
staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very…
We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to
Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very…
2
4
6
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
