Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Free Breakfast in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
44 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
31. Galaxy Halong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
9 reviews
#31 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
32. Bao Han Hotel
1 review
#32 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is really..."
33. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#33 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
34. The Twin Hotel
#34 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
35. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#35 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
36. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#36 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
37. Lang Chai Hotel
#37 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
38. La Dolce Vita Hotel
#38 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
39. Moc Tra Hotel
#39 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
40. Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
#40 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We..."
"This restaurant is recommended by our tour manager for cleanliness (health safety). He suggested we do not take chance with local food. We ordered beef, sweet and sour pork ribs, a cabbage dish. The beef dish is..."
41. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#41 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
42. La Dolce Vita
0 reviews
#42 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
43. HaLong Plus hotel
#43 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
44. OYO 892 Victory Halong Hotel
#44 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Popular destinations for Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Yangon (Rangoon)
Yangon (formerly known as Rangoon) is no longer the capital of Myanmar, but it has experienced a huge increase in tourism recently. Book early, as hotel rooms are sometimes hard to find! While you’re in town, the Shwedagon Pagoda, an immense, ancient Buddhist shrine, is a must-see—TripAdvisor travelers recommend visiting at sunrise or sunset.
Read more
Nara
Thirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. "Old Japan" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. Travelers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.
Manali
In Hinduism, Manu was said to have survived a great flood that destroyed the rest of the world. He then recreated mankind in this Kullu Valley town. What a rush, huh? No wonder the towering peaks and verdant terrain of Manali attracts adventure travelers, with heli-skiing, hiking, mountaineering and river rafting the favored active pursuits. Come down from your endorphin high by breathing deeply at the four-story, wooden Hidimba Devi Temple, which sits in the middle of a nearby deciduous forest, or take a medicinal soak in the hot springs burbling from the ground a 30-minute walk from town.
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Hurghada
Stunning coral reefs and turquoise waters perfect for windsurfing have made Hurghada, on Egypt's Red Sea Coast, a busy resort town. Within easy reach of the stunning Giftun Islands and the Eastern Arabian Desert, Hurghada has seen enormous amounts of development in the past decade—and yes, it does seem overrun with tourists at times. But it’s a relatively easy beach escape for Europeans, and some of the world's best diving and snorkeling sites are just offshore. Walk or catch a cab to explore the old quarter, El Dahar.
Yercaud
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Kitchenette
Hotels with Restaurants
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Breakfast included
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
In Halong Bay
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
Halong Happy Hostel
119 reviews
#3 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We only wanted one night, but stayed there two, because it is a lovely place. Friendly staff who are willing to help you arranging every trip (especially ha long bay) nice people, a wonderful atmosphere, nice rooms "
"My friend and I was backpacking and went to the hostel. The staff spoke some english, and were happy to help with our travels. A free beer at night, makes a great starter for talking to others at the hostel and even..."
Ha Long Fancy Hostel
49 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"The included breakfast with many different options was tasty too."
"I spent only 2 nights in the hostel. It was difficult to leave. Very nice welcome, helpful, very clean, curtains, a.c. 24/7, good breakfast, I hope to visit once more. Thanks a lot to everybody in the hostel."
Halong Party Hostel & Hotel
118 reviews
#14 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Headed to Halong Bay from Hanoi and booked this hotel because it looked decent enough for the £7 a night for a double room. Once we arrived, staff was very friendly, check in super quick and we got to enjoy the Sun..."
"Staff is wonderful. Rooms are pretty clean. Not a crazy party hostel like your expecting with the name but still very chill and fun. Honestly not alot of party hostels in the area anyway. Room was 90.000d and free..."
Orestay Homestay HaLong
13 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"The host is bad tempered when I request to help. There was another group who throws party so I wasn't sleep. I contacted the host but they did nothing. Bad service, very noisy. I will never come back !!!"
"such an incredible experiment! I booked the deluxe double seaview room. It was my birthday so my boyfriend ask the hotel to prepare a small party for me and him :D It was such a lovely night, unforgetable memory of..."
Sun Bay Hotel
24 reviews
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"Out of the way, room Smelt like cigarette smoke, no sound proofing at all and could here all the rooms around yours and people outside as well. The staff were friendly and as helpful but spoke no English at all and..."
"Everything was nice but can be improved. Good location is the best attribute of the hotel. Simple and functional hotel with a touch (or attempt) of class. Local food at breakfast. Rooms clean and functional."
Halo Bay Homestay
40 reviews
#2 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff are so friendly and helpful. Hien the host send over lots of great ideas of what to do when we were there. Ha long is such a beautiful place. I feel very lucky to have gone here. The food was delicious and..."
"The Location is very convenient, just aside the main road. The home is very clean and silent. The owners are cooperative. The beds are good with a locker below them. Toilets are clean with all needed facilities. A..."
Aroma Ha Long Hostel
17 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"👍😁 The free breakfast was so good and tasty."
"We loved our stay!! Very relaxing and the staff were so good, the man who works In reception helped us with booking our trips and both man and woman staff every morning made us fresh breakfast served hot! Great..."
Victory Halong Hotel
5 reviews
#9 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Nice hotel at the central of tourism area. The hotel close to the beach, we stay here for 2 days and we enjoy the time at here. The staff very helpful the give us so many information of Halong city. I will be back"
"I have a great time here in a short trip to Halong bay, it's such a great hotel in town! The furniture make me feel cozy and make this hotel being comfortable in atmosphere. The bed is very comfortable, room..."
Little Colmar Boutique Homestay
6 reviews
#5 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"The place looks quite new with a pottery studio in the main office, onsite laundry for a fee and a small included breakfast."
"We stayed at Little Colmar for three days and we enjoyed our holiday here. The house is clean, peace, beautiful and lovely. The parking is near the house and free. The family room is suitable with two adults and two..."
Phoenix Hotel Ha Long
12 reviews
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great hotel with prime location, very closed to local market called “Cai Dam” with seafood & specialities. You can walk from the hotel to the beach. The hotel is clean, neat, staff is so friendly & well service..."
"I am not hesitative to rate 5 stars for Phoenix Hotel. I was recommended about Phoenix which is the newest and most amazing furnished hotel in Halong and my decision was right. My room was very clean and neat that..."
Alex Hotel
87 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Stayed at this hostel/hotel for 2 nights and the conditions were great!! Very welcoming and easy check in + check out, lovely cooked free breakfast that you can pick out of set choices and the rooms had air condit..."
"We stayed at Alex hostel for 2 nights to do the ha long bay day cruise, Alex helped us to book the trip, gave us a free drink on arrival and water for the day we left. He helped us book a bus to ninh binh a few..."
Vanilla Ha Long Villas
10 reviews
#19 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Our group of 26 people stayed here for two nights, one one on either side of our wedding which was aboard a boat in Ha Long Bay. I truly cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were just AMAZING. As a big..."
"This hotel is really nice. Very large, clean room and very comfortable. Staff are really nice and very helpful. The only downside is that the area is being developed and a large construction is going on in the..."
Tom's Family Hotel
22 reviews
#4 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"My friend & I are travelling Vietnam & needed a place to stay after our Halong cruise. Great little place. Walking distance to restaurants & the cable car. We are ladies travelling alone & we were well looked after..."
"We spent a night in this family run hotel before our Halong Bay cruise. The hotel is comfortable and the hosts are very nice especially Tom who went out of his way to ensure we safely made our way to the harbrour..."
Halong Backpacker Hostel
59 reviews
#15 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Lovely, helpful staff who arranged a brilliant tour to halong bay for us and made sure we were always looked after, huge airy rooms and a balcony looking over halong city! Definatly don't stay anywhere else!!"
"When we checked in, the staff put our passports on the counter that were just next to the road and then said we could go to the room so we had to ask him to at least hide our passports in the drawer. We did not get..."
Pearl Hotel
3 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I traveled with my family, and the hotel is great! We booked a Studio Suite Bay View and a Deluxe Village View Room so the view from the hotel is really nice. It is quite new, and the room is nice. The food at the..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with complimentary breakfast
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
44 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
The included breakfast with many different options was tasty too.
The
included breakfast
with many different options was tasty too.
👍😁 The free breakfast was so good and tasty.
👍😁 The
free breakfast was
so good and tasty.
The place looks quite new with a pottery studio in the main office, onsite laundry for a fee and a small included breakfast.
The place looks quite new with a pottery studio in the main office, onsite laundry for a fee and a small
.
Stayed at this hostel/hotel for 2 nights and the conditions were great!! Very welcoming and easy check in + check out, lovely cooked free breakfast that you can pick out of set choices and the rooms had air condit...
Stayed at this hostel/hotel for 2 nights and the conditions were great!! Very welcoming and easy check in + check out, lovely cooked
free breakfast
that you can pick out of set choices and the rooms had air condit...
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
