Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#45 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
Truong Sa Street Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (4,520)
Traveler
(4040)
Room & Suite
(652)
Dining
(335)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.4
Cleanliness
4.8
Service
4.7
Value
4.5
Naman Retreat is 5-star resort that seamlessly blends timeless Vietnamese heritage and culture with luxurious modern charm. The resort is ideal for luxury and relaxation with its' convenient location: easy access to the aestethic Hoi An city, short distance to dynamic Da Nang city, and historical city Hue. Our Retreat is designed to make guests feel comfortable with selection of top-class services such as room with great design, private pool, modern suite bathroom, free WiFi. Naman Retreat is the perfect getaway for those who crave something bold, unique, and desire to awaken their senses as embarking on a journey of "Being-Consciousness-Bliss". Feel free to contact host if you have any question!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Babysitting
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Private beach
Coffee / tea maker
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Romantic
Quiet
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Chinese, Japanese, Korean and 1 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Da Nang Airport
7.3 mi
•
See all flights
Chulai Airport
47.1 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
70 Restaurants
within 5 miles
View on map
Table 88
356
19 min
$$$$
International
La Plage
191
Seafood
The Grill Restaurant
274
18 min
$$ - $$$
Steakhouse
Vive Oceane - Beach Club & Restaurant
67
3.4 mi
French
See all nearby restaurants
21 Attractions
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
3 mi
Beaches
The Marble Mountains
7,996
2.7 mi
Geologic Formations
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
2.6 mi
Caverns & Caves
Ao Dai Show
34
4 mi
Theater & Performances
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Naman Retreat is often depicted as a haven of relaxation and luxury, nestled in a pristine setting that's perfect for nature lovers. Guests have lauded the exceptional service, particularly from individuals like Min and Lily, and the strategic location that offers convenience to both Danang and Hoi An. While the rooms are spacious and some feature private pools, there are suggestions for improvement in the basic amenities offered.

The cleanliness of the hotel consistently receives positive feedback. Amenities, including the spa and dining options, are widely praised, although opinions on value diverge, with some guests finding certain prices steep.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Reasonable
Spotless
Attentive
Amenities
Outstanding
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
3,779
112
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 3,151
Very Good 431
Average 114
Poor 42
Terrible 41
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(3,779)
English(2,308)
Korean(1,070)
Japanese(235)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewshay haypool villapersonal ambassadordaily massagesluxury escapesmain poolbeautiful resortcooking classshuttle busrecommend this resortfree massageour honeymoonspa treatmentsother resortsmain restaurantprivate beachper daybuffet breakfastphoda nang citymarble mountainbabylon
Sort by:
Most Recent
Mark M wrote a review Jan 2024
Jersey, United Kingdom65 contributions96 helpful votes
+1
A Hidden Gem
Driving into the property your initial thought is ‘have I made a big mistake’. An unfinished road, a pretty cramped and ordinary lobby but that’s where the mediocrity finished. On checking in we were offered a discounted upgrade to a one bedroom Villa with private pool, super value for money. My partner was very impressed by the complimentary daily massage. The pool and attached bar offer the most beautiful view over the beach, a view that persuaded me to stay for an additional 3 nights. The service throughout the property was excellent and a particular mention for Min who was our lead contact throughout the stay, thank you. Take advantage of the shuttle into Hoi An, go to Bana Hills for the cable car experience the rest is very Disney, play Danang Golf Course rather than…
Date of stay: January 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Pham Thao, Dịch vụ khách hàng / Lễ tân at Naman Retreat
Responded 5 weeks ago
Dear valued guest, Thank you for your recent stay at Naman Retreat and providing us with your valuable feedback. We are happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay with us. Your comments on the service provided by our staff are most gratifying and will be shared with Min as well as the whole team. It was certainly a pleasure for us to be at your service and we all look forward to welcoming you again soon to Naman Retreat Warm regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Asif A wrote a review Jan 2024
1 contribution1 helpful vote
Amazing staff! 11/10
Amazing hospitality all around! Highlighting our assistant Candy and also Quynh aka miss tinkerbell have been amazing and blew our expectations away. Genuine ladies who have been nothing short of amazing! Highly recommend Naman!!!!!!
1 Helpful vote
Responded Jan 11, 2024
Dear valued guest, Thank you for your recent stay at Naman Retreat and providing us with your valuable feedback. We are happy to know that you had an enjoyable stay with us. Your comments on the service provided by our staff are most gratifying and will be shared with Ambassador Candy, Quynh as well as the whole team. It was certainly a pleasure for us to be at your service and we all look forward to welcoming you again soon to Naman Retreat Warm regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Steven L wrote a review Dec 2023
1 contribution
A place with heart♥️
This is a place with heart! Despite the rainy season, all the staffs put out their best to make the stay very comfortable! A big warm thank you to our ambassador MIN, and many thanks to Loc Hien 越翠 Hoa and Linh.
Date of stay: December 2023
Dear valued Guest, Thank you for choosing Naman Retreat for your preferred stay in Da Nang. We are delighted to hear your feedback regarding your recent stay. We always strive to deliver excellence for each aspect of our services and we are pleased to hear that Ambassador MIN and other staff have been attentive to you. Again, thank you for taking your time in writing this feedback. We hope to have the chance to welcome you back in the future. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
shinjijp1013 wrote a review Dec 2023
Tokyo, Japan2 contributions
Best hospitality experience for private family vacation.
Hotel is not huge but perfect size to enjoy private family vacation. We stayed at the villa with private pool and it was gorgeous. Foods (Vietnamese/Western/Mexican/Asian) are really good and can enjoy at restaurants and also room service. The most unique point we feel good hospitality was the direct SNS communication with the dedicated hotel person. Local tour arrangements, restaurant booking, refill mini bar… anything we need during our stay, just text her and she supported us very friendly and timely. Our window person was “Ms. MIN” and she was fantastic and made our family trip unforgettable. Highly recommend: )
Dear Sir/Madam, On behalf of Naman Team, thank you for choosing our Naman Retreat on this vacation and thank you for your kind words. We are pleased to know everything came up positively and that you will keep good memories of your holiday. We appreciate your positive feedback to our Ambassador MIN. I am delighted to share this comment to the team to enhance our service better. We look forward to welcoming you back for another great stay and do not hesitate to contact our team at reservations@namanretreat.com to receive the details of more special promotion for loyalty guests. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
roz_6610 wrote a review Dec 2023
Toronto, Canada412 contributions133 helpful votes
Back to Naman paradise!!
This review was long overdue. I am using my brothers platform as he is a level 6 TripAdvisor contributor and i want my review to reach to maximum potential traveller. This is our second trip to Naman in one year. That in itself tells the story how we feel about staying at Naman!!Naman is not a hotel, it is home away from home because the staff makes you fell that way. We had booked a same villa which we had during our last stay. This villa is so dreamy you dont feel like leaving it. (lol).This is a massive villa.6132sq ft of pure luxury. Three bedroom spread between two floors. living room ,dining room, full size kitchen, sauna, jacuzzi and our favorite massive pool.You step out of the pool and you are on beautiful beach. Every space in the villa is XL! Check in was superb and…
Date of stay: September 2023
Dear Mr. Akber, HAPPY NEW YEAR! I hope you are doing well! Once again, thank you very much for your return with us and for you such wonderful review! We treasue your loyalty with us and feel extremely happy when knowing your stay at Naman Retreat was beyond you always expected We look forward to having you back in Naman Retreat whenever you are travelling to Da Nang. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Best Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Jeve C wrote a review Dec 2023
6 contributions
Stay here. Miss it. Miss out.
This place is special. Min is awesome. All the staff were great and seem to actually like their jobs and working with each other. Stay here. You won’t regret it. I booked one night and then extended for an extra x2 nights. Service is exceptional. Pool Food was a tad mediocre. The Mexican place was awesome. breakfast was great. This place is a vibe. Book. I got a good deal on my extra 2 nights by booking direct (via the website).
Dear valued Guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful stay experience with us. We are delighted that you made the most out of your stay. Our pool villa is indeed a great choice to indulge yourself in a relaxing vacation. We thank you as well for your kind words towards our associate, especially Min. We look forward to see you again next time you are back in Da Nang. Should you have any further inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Sachin S wrote a review Dec 2023
Great experience at Naman
It was a wonderful trip, the staff is excellent the rooms are very comfortable and spacious, plenty of pools, the Mexican and Vietnamese food I tried was also very good. But what made it the best is "Helen" she was my ambassador and I texted her 5-10 times a day to ask her for favors from laundry, room service, car service, Taxi, massage you ask and she was available. I have never experienced somebody so dedicated to their job, and I was one of many she was handling. She is an incredible asset to this retreat. Thank you very much for making it a wonderful trip for me. All thanks to Helen the staff here
Dear Guest 54sachins, Thank you for sharing this excellent review upon your recent stay. We are delighted that your family had an wonderful time in our Retreat. Also, thank you for your kind words to our associates, especially to Helen. We always strive to deliver excellence in order to make memorable experience for our valuable guests, including you. Thank you for taking your time in writing this to us. We look forward to have you back in Naman Retreat whenever you are travelling to Da Nang. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Best Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Baby-Babble wrote a review Dec 2023
UK975 contributions353 helpful votes
A few hours or pure pampering
We didn't actually stay here, but spent some quality time being pampered and lovely it was too!! The massage was totally relaxing and time spent in the sauna followed by a cool plunge pool invigorating Thank you for looking after us so well !
Date of stay: October 2023
Dear valued Guest, Thank you for choosing Naman Retreat as your preferred stay in Da nang. We are delighted to hear your lovely feedback regarding your last stay. It is our aim to deliver excellence for our guests in order to enhance your retreat experience. Again, thank you for taking your time in writing this feedback. We hope we can welcome you back in the future. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Kind Regards, Thao Pham
GlobeTrotting73746 wrote a review Dec 2023
5 contributions3 helpful votes
Stayed at the Naman Retreat for 8 nights in December 2023.
An amazing resort with beautiful pool and beach. The staff are fantastic and can’t do enough to make sure you have a great stay! Massive thanks to Jenny for looking after our family. Also Chi at breakfast. Spa was also great. Enjoyed the Mexican restaurant. Will definitely come back again!
Dear Sir/Madam, On behalf of Naman Team, thank you for choosing our Naman Retreat on this vacation and thank you for your kind words. We are pleased to know everything came up positively and that you will keep good memories of your holiday. We appreciate your positive feedback to Chi. I am delighted to share this comment to the team to enhance our service better. We look forward to welcoming you back for another great stay and do not hesitate to contact our team at reservations@namanretreat.com to receive the details of more special promotion for loyalty guests. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Hsiu-Ying C wrote a review Dec 2023
Girls chill-out trip by the sea at Naman Retreat in Danang
Min is our host taking care of us during our 2-day stay at Naman Retreat. Food here is good, view is great and so are the buildings and facility. Package with spa everyday is superb to relax during the stay. Just a few suggestion, as weathe in Danang is humid, our stay can be even better if dehumidifier machine is available in each room. And welcome treats changing to afternoon tea set for 3 bedroom garden pool villa would be a plus. Post card delivery is not part of hotel service and thanks for Naman reception team’s help at our last day. Recommend to have post service in the future for international visitors keeping such great memory in written card. Thank you!
Dear valued Guest, Thank you for choosing Naman Retreat for your preferred stay in Da Nang. We are delighted to hear your feedback regarding your recent stay. Our Room is especially design to have tranquility and serinity for our guests. We always strive to deliver excellence for each aspect of our services and we are pleased to hear that Min has been attentive to you. Again, thank you for taking your time in writing this feedback. We hope to have the chance to welcome you back in the future. Should you have any inquiry, please do not hesitate to contact us. Kind Regards, Thao Pham Front Office Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$137 - $178 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
133
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
NAMAN RETREAT $163 ($̶5̶2̶1̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
View all photos
(4,520)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 1 more
7.3
mi
47.1
19
min
18
3.4
3
2.7
2.6
4
3,151
431
114
42
41
All languages
(3,779)
English
(2,308)
Korean
(1,070)
Japanese
(235)
Mark M
Jersey, United Kingdom
65 contributions
65
96 helpful votes
96
Driving into the property your initial thought is ‘have I made a big mistake’. An unfinished road, a pretty cramped and ordinary lobby but that’s where the mediocrity finished. On checking in we were offered a discounted upgrade to a one bedroom Villa with private pool, super value for money. My partner was very impressed by the complimentary daily massage. The pool and attached bar offer the most beautiful view over the beach, a view that persuaded me to stay for an additional 3 nights. The service throughout the property was excellent and a particular mention for Min who was our lead contact throughout the stay, thank you. Take advantage of the shuttle into Hoi An, go to Bana Hills for the cable car experience the rest is very Disney, play Danang Golf Course rather than
Date of stay:
transparency report
Asif A
1
1 helpful vote
Steven L
shinjijp1013
Tokyo, Japan
2 contributions
2
roz_6610
Toronto, Canada
412 contributions
412
133 helpful votes
This review was long overdue. I am using my brothers platform as he is a level 6 TripAdvisor contributor and i want my review to reach to maximum potential traveller. This is our second trip to Naman in one year. That in itself tells the story how we feel about staying at Naman!!Naman is not a hotel, it is home away from home because the staff makes you fell that way. We had booked a same villa which we had during our last stay. This villa is so dreamy you dont feel like leaving it. (lol).This is a massive villa.6132sq ft of pure luxury. Three bedroom spread between two floors. living room ,dining room, full size kitchen, sauna, jacuzzi and our favorite massive pool.You step out of the pool and you are on beautiful beach. Every space in the villa is XL! Check in was superb and
Jeve C
6
Sachin S
Baby-Babble
UK
975 contributions
975
353 helpful votes
353
GlobeTrotting73746
5 contributions
5
3 helpful votes
Hsiu-Ying C
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
