Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
View map
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
No 224, Mot thang tu street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+139
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
781 of 1,912 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island

31. Catba View Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
78 reviews
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
0.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#31 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...”
32. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...”
33. Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
84A Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...”
34. Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
172 Du_ng 1/4, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…”
35. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
43 Mot Thang Tu | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…”
36. Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
268, 1-4 Street | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
0.4 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#36 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower ”
37. Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253, Vietnam
0.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#37 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...”
38. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
189 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…”
39. Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
811 reviews
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
0.5 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#39 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…”
40. Golden Land Hotel
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…”
41. Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
135 Tung Dinh Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...”
42. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
No 43, 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...”
43. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
143 Tung Dinh, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 05406, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…”
44. Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
29 Du_ng 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…”
45. Cat Ba Seaview Hotel
1 review
220 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.”
46. Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
2 reviews
12 Tung Dinh, Cat Ba, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...”
47. Catba Dung Lien Hotel
1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.”
48. Seoul Hotel 2 & Apartment
Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
49. Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
173 Cai Beo, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
0.6 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#49 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...”
50. Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
Cat Co 1 | Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...”
51. Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
Cat Co III Beach | Cat Ba Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...”
52. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
Cat Co 3 Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...”
53. Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
Cat Co 1, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...”
54. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
231- 232 Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…”
Visit hotel website
55. Catba Sunrise Hotel
09 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…”
56. Thanh Luan Hotel
190-192 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
57. Emerald Hotel Cat Ba
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong 18000, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...”
58. Draco QK3 Cat Ba
251 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…”
59. Holiday View Hotel
179 reviews
Road 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...”
60. Flamingo Lan Ha Bay Resort
Cat Co 1,2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
781 of 1,912 properties
Clear all filters
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before,
Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay...
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap.
The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
84A Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for
4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
172 Du_ng 1/4
Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234,
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba
island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
43 Mot Thang Tu
Cat Ba Town
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along
the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
268, 1-4 Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down
to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253,
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant
and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to...
189 Nui Ng_c
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and
this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a
perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452,
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately
there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
135 Tung Dinh Street
Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
Only went to the restaurant but service was
great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
No 43, 1/4 Street
The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...
The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful,
booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...
143 Tung Dinh
Cat Hai, Hai Phong 05406,
Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…
Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a
very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…
29 Du_ng 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went
above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
220 Duong 1/4
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff
thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
12 Tung Dinh, Cat Ba
Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...
Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s
comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...
1/4 Street
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel,
all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
173 Cai Beo
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main
town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
Cat Co 1
Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach
Halong Bay,
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The
place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
Cat Co III Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420,
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach
and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
Cat Co 3 Beach
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle
d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
It is a lovely property, great beach access and
the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
231- 232 Street 1/4
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here,
the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
09 Nui Ngoc Street
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily)
the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
190-192 Nui Ngoc
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong 18000,
Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
Where do I start my story about this hotel...
this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
251 Duong 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951,
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat
Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
Road 1/4
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a
real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
Cat Co 1,2
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous
location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
