Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hanoi Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Noibai Airport (HAN)
Asia  Vietnam  Hanoi  Hanoi Hotels  Hotels near Noibai Airport (HAN)
View map
Hotels near Noibai Airport (HAN)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hanoi
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hanoi  
Hanoi Hotels  
Hanoi Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
29
234
Breakfast included
366
Luxury
50
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
489
Pool
106
Free parking
204
Distance from
25+ mi
Old Quarter
Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum
Lake of the Restored Sword (Hoan Kiem Lake)
Vietnam Museum of Ethnology
Traveler rating
& up
474
547
567
Hotel class
4 stars
99
3 stars
253
2 stars
57
Style
Budget
113
Mid-range
358
Family-friendly
190
Show more
Brands
OYO
15
VBA Hospitality Group
10
RedDoorz
9
Melia
3
1,817 of 4,504 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Noibai Airport

Sponsored
Gm Premium Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
329 reviews
41 Hang Bong Street | Hoàn Kiếm, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
13.2 miles from Noibai Airport
“Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...”
Visit hotel website
2023
31. Pan Pacific Hanoi
2,487 reviews
1 Thanh Nien Street | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
11.8 miles from Noibai Airport
#31 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the service is outstanding, and the hospitality is generous (very appreciated in a world where even water is not a given in many hotels. Every time I left my room…”
32. Somerset Hoa Binh
162 reviews
106 Hoang Quoc Viet Street | Cau Giay, Hanoi, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Enjoyed a comfortable stay with attentive staff. Rooms are spacious and clean and tidy. The convenience store located nearby was very convenient for quick eats and drinks. The concierge was very helpful when it…”
33. Sen Grand Hotel & Spa
145 reviews
118/20 Nguyen Khanh Toan | Quan Hoa, Cau Giay, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
12.3 miles from Noibai Airport
#33 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Hello Sen, actually I have had a journey to Vietnam about 2 months ago. I found Sen grand is a convenient location through my trip. So sorry I almost forgot to share my pretty good experiment. The staff here very...”
34. Le Jardin Hotel & Spa
655 reviews
46A Nguyen Truong To | Truc Bach, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
12.4 miles from Noibai Airport
#34 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Really enjoyed this delightful hotel. Room was very comfortable and spacious with every amenity. Great beds and pillows. Breakfast was excellent. November restaurant was romantic and yummy with very reasonable...”
35. Le Jardin Hotel Haute Couture
295 reviews
105 Nguyen Truong To street | Truc Bach Ward, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“We have stayed in the Old Quarter and decided a stay in a different location was on the cards. The hotel is amazing, with lovely staff and a convenient location near the lakes and walking around the area. The…”
The Hanoi Club Hotel & Residences
359 reviews
76 Yen Phu Street | Tay Ho District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
11.7 miles from Noibai Airport
“Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...”
36. Flower Garden Hotel
504 reviews
46 Nguyen Truong To Street, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“我 打算 住 这 酒店 ， 对我 来 说 酒店 非常 好看， 服务员 对我 好，回答 我的问题，我希望 有时候 可以 来 越南 住 在 这 个 酒店, , i realy love this hotel , staff make me feel like at home , they always help me when i in need , if i have chance come back to VietNam...”
37. Somerset West Lake
174 reviews
No 254D Thuy Khue Road, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
12.0 miles from Noibai Airport
#37 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“The good news - the 2bedroom apartment was excellent value - clean, spacious and well laid out. We did have to get a technician in to sort out a noisy aircon (old unit) - but this was done promptly without fuss…”
38. The Q Hotel
249 reviews
87-89-91 Nguyen Truong To, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Rooms were spacious and very clean, fantastic bed and pillows. Staff were great and nothing was to much trouble. Breakfast catered for everyone, you would be hard pleased if you didn't enjoy breakfast. Would...”
39. Sen Hotel Luxury
71 reviews
26B Nguyen Khanh Toan Street, Cau Giay, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
12.2 miles from Noibai Airport
#39 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Had a pleasant stay in the Hanoi City at Sen Luxury Hotel. Linh and Khoa assisted us in our stay and helped us get around smoothly. Rooms are spacious and hygienic. Would recommend if you are planning to stay...”
40. Hong Ngoc Cochinchine Boutique Hotel & Spa
659 reviews
97 Nguyen Truong To | Ba Dinh, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Great Location & Great Hotel - stayed there before a tour for 3 days. We also arranged car pickup at the airport and it was flawless. The service and staff were great - we had a problem with the ATM out the door...”
Hanoi Emotion Hotel
175 reviews
28 26, Hang Bot St, Hanoi +844, Vietnam
“A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff. Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...”
41. Babylon Grand Hotel & Spa
76 reviews
57 Ph_m H_ng Thai, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Hotel nice neighbourhood. Staff very friendly and helpfull. Breakfast very good local and als european as well. The beds were not to hard also not to soft.There are a lot of locations to eat in the neighbourhoud...”
42. Sen Hotel
56 reviews
26B Nguyen Khanh Toan Street, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Kim Anh at the front desk of the hotel is very helpful and the breakfast on the second floor is also delicious. The security guards are also very enthusiastic and will help carry luggage. When I come to Hanoi, I...”
43. May De Ville City Centre II
95 reviews
57 Pham Hong Thai Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Stayed two nights the shower and toilet water both leaked considerable and I informed reception accordingly who didnt seem to phased by the incident. Breakfast catered more to the Asian cuisine than western but am...”
44. 22Land Residence Hotel
17 reviews
02 Nguyen Dinh Hoan, Cau Giay, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“We went to Hanoi for 1 week and had many wonderful experiences. The guests welcomed and welcomed us very well and were very helpful. The hotel has a beautiful small swimming pool on the rooftop, a sauna and a…”
45. Nesta Hotel - West Lake
13 reviews
22 D. Thanh Nien | Yên Phụ, Tây Hồ, Hanoi 124700, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“The breakfast basic and tasty.The staff were all very friendly, special mention to Benjamin who was so kind and helpful and is a real asset to the hotel.They also had major wifi problems.If they will fix they...”
HOTEL du PARC HANOI
148 reviews
84 Tran Nhan Tong Street | Hai Ba Trung District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
14.0 miles from Noibai Airport
“A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...”
46. Tam Hotel
41 reviews
3-5 Tran Te Xuong | Truc Bach, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“This is not a luxury hotel by any means but is a comfortable place to stay a few minutes taxi ride from the old quarter. If you want to escape the bustle and hooting of car horns, this is a good place. The…”
47. Adamas Hanoi Hotel
178 reviews
57 Nguyen Truong To | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I stayed in Adamas for three nights, it is not far from Old Quarter. But if you really want to experience the hustle bustle of Old Quarter, my suggestion is not to stay in this hotel. The room was tight and we...”
48. Moon View Hotel
110 reviews
65 Cua Bac Street | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Nice clean hotel, with great views from the restaurant on the 10th floor, Vietnam breakfast was good, western style a bit lacking, but I enjoy eating the food of the country I visit, the baguettes were light and...”
49. LAKE VIEW Apartment
3 reviews
65 P. Trich Sai, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
11.9 miles from Noibai Airport
#49 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Beautiful hotel in Hanoi.You can’t go past this gorgeous hotel for superb service and quality fitout.The manager Mr Mark was exceptional and all the staff made our staff very special. Our room view full big…”
50. Thien Thai Hotel
33 reviews
45 Nguyen Truong to St, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“We stayed for 2 nights in this very comfortable hotel. The reception team are very helpful with luggage storage prior to departure and our room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was really good with lots of...”
Super Hotel Candle
157 reviews
287-301 Doi Can Street, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
12.6 miles from Noibai Airport
“We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days, on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...”
51. The Time Hotel
140 reviews
15 Hang Than | Ba Dinh Dist, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Clean, cheap, great location. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. Solid stop-over. Ill recommend it for sure. :) the location is great as it is 2-5 mins walkimg distance from where the vietair airport shuttle…”
52. Flower Hotel
155 reviews
55 Nguyen Truong To Street, Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Basic hotel, 15-20 mn walk to the lake via the old town. Service ok, cleanliness ok, breakfast ok for the price. Caution : another hotel with the exact same name is located a bit further in the same street! ”
53. New Star Hotel Hanoi
52 reviews
35 22, Quan Thanh | Ba Dinh Dist, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“The hotel is well situated next to the famous lake where we enjoyed the ambiance. Everything is readily accessible. The restaurants nearby are wonderful treats. Good breakfast, warm service, the staff is very...”
54. The Q Hotel
4 reviews
87 P. Nguy_n Tru_ng T_, Nguy_n Trung Tr_c, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“This place has set the bar VERY high. This was my first 2 nights in Vietnam as part of a Luxury Escapes tour. This hotel is perfect. Very very comfortable. Excellent service with lovely friendly staff. Amenities...”
55. Riverside Hanoi Hotel
38 reviews
Number 118, Riverside Road-Hoang Quoc | Viet-Nghia Do, Cau Giay District, Hanoi 844, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Clean and tidy hotel. Outside of the main centre, but close to the business district I was visiting, and given I had meetings in the morning and a long break before the afternoon meetings it was good to be able to...”
Hanoian Central Hotel & Spa
781 reviews
42B Hang Cot | Hang Ma, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
12.8 miles from Noibai Airport
“Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…”
56. First Eden Hotel
130 reviews
45B Hang Bun Street | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
12.5 miles from Noibai Airport
#56 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“First Eden hotel is located in the Ba Dinh District, cant get any closer to make your walking of the old quarter any better. hey its three star but clean , quiet , a reasonable breakfast and the staff are great...”
57. The Flower Boutique Hotel & Travel
5 reviews
055 P. Nguy_n Tru_ng T_, Ba Dinh, Hanoi, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“The hotel is quite nice. Our room was on the small side but totally adequate, and we had a small balcony. The room was just a bit worn here and there, but overall the hotel was really good value. It is in a nice...”
58. A25 Hotel - 23 Quan Thanh
98 reviews
23 Quan Thanh, Street | Quan Thanh Ward, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Nice hotel near to the old quarter in Hanoi. Nice, clean rooms with large beds. Staff is very friendly. Honorable mention for the lovely Ms. Trang from the reception. Minor point of critism: the rooms good be...”
59. Hanoi Zen Hotel
43 Quan Thanh | Ba Dinh, Hanoi +844, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Originally booked a hotel around the corner that cancelled my booking- for 5am after the overnight train from sapa. So very tired, grumpy and dirty I knocked on the door to zen hotel. They were so lovely- not only...”
60. Chalcedony Hotel
352 reviews
4 Nguyen Truong To Street | Hoan Kiem District, Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Great hotel. Amenities good. Stayed in 3 different rooms. Room size good. Had a little trouble with hot water for showers in 2 of the rooms. . Central location, walking distance to most points of interest like…”
Fortuna Hotel Hanoi
401 reviews
6B Lang Ha Street | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
13.6 miles from Noibai Airport
“I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...”
Previous
Next
123456…
1,817 of 4,504 properties
Clear all filters
41 Hang Bong Street
Hoàn Kiếm
Hanoi 100000,
Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...
Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely
qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...
1 Thanh Nien Street
Ba Dinh District
The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the service is outstanding, and the hospitality is generous (very appreciated in a world where even water is not a given in many hotels. Every time I left my room…
The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, the
service is outstanding, and the hospitality is generous (very appreciated in a world where even water is not a given in many hotels. Every time I left my room…
106 Hoang Quoc Viet Street
Cau Giay
Hanoi,
Enjoyed a comfortable stay with attentive staff. Rooms are spacious and clean and tidy. The convenience store located nearby was very convenient for quick eats and drinks. The concierge was very helpful when it…
Enjoyed a comfortable stay with attentive staff.
Rooms are spacious and clean and tidy. The convenience store located nearby was very convenient for quick eats and drinks. The concierge was very helpful when it…
118/20 Nguyen Khanh Toan
Quan Hoa
Cau Giay, Hanoi 100000,
Hello Sen, actually I have had a journey to Vietnam about 2 months ago. I found Sen grand is a convenient location through my trip. So sorry I almost forgot to share my pretty good experiment. The staff here very...
Hello Sen, actually I have had a journey to
Vietnam about 2 months ago. I found Sen grand is a convenient location through my trip. So sorry I almost forgot to share my pretty good experiment. The staff here very...
46A Nguyen Truong To
Truc Bach
Really enjoyed this delightful hotel. Room was very comfortable and spacious with every amenity. Great beds and pillows. Breakfast was excellent. November restaurant was romantic and yummy with very reasonable...
Really enjoyed this delightful hotel. Room was
very comfortable and spacious with every amenity. Great beds and pillows. Breakfast was excellent. November restaurant was romantic and yummy with very reasonable...
105 Nguyen Truong To street
Truc Bach Ward
Ba Dinh, Hanoi 100000,
We have stayed in the Old Quarter and decided a stay in a different location was on the cards. The hotel is amazing, with lovely staff and a convenient location near the lakes and walking around the area. The…
We have stayed in the Old Quarter and decided a
stay in a different location was on the cards. The hotel is amazing, with lovely staff and a convenient location near the lakes and walking around the area. The…
76 Yen Phu Street
Tay Ho District
Hanoi 10000,
Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...
Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was
close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...
46 Nguyen Truong To Street
我 打算 住 这 酒店 ， 对我 来 说 酒店 非常 好看， 服务员 对我 好，回答 我的问题，我希望 有时候 可以 来 越南 住 在 这 个 酒店, , i realy love this hotel , staff make me feel like at home , they always help me when i in need , if i have chance come back to VietNam...
我 打算 住 这 酒店 ， 对我 来 说 酒店 非常 好看， 服务员 对我 好，回答
我的问题，我希望 有时候 可以 来 越南 住 在 这 个 酒店, , i realy love this hotel , staff make me feel like at home , they always help me when i in need , if i have chance come back to VietNam...
No 254D Thuy Khue Road
The good news - the 2bedroom apartment was excellent value - clean, spacious and well laid out. We did have to get a technician in to sort out a noisy aircon (old unit) - but this was done promptly without fuss…
The good news - the 2bedroom apartment was
excellent value - clean, spacious and well laid out. We did have to get a technician in to sort out a noisy aircon (old unit) - but this was done promptly without fuss…
87-89-91 Nguyen Truong To
Rooms were spacious and very clean, fantastic bed and pillows. Staff were great and nothing was to much trouble. Breakfast catered for everyone, you would be hard pleased if you didn't enjoy breakfast. Would...
Rooms were spacious and very clean, fantastic bed
and pillows. Staff were great and nothing was to much trouble. Breakfast catered for everyone, you would be hard pleased if you didn't enjoy breakfast. Would...
26B Nguyen Khanh Toan Street
Had a pleasant stay in the Hanoi City at Sen Luxury Hotel. Linh and Khoa assisted us in our stay and helped us get around smoothly. Rooms are spacious and hygienic. Would recommend if you are planning to stay...
Had a pleasant stay in the Hanoi City at Sen
Luxury Hotel. Linh and Khoa assisted us in our stay and helped us get around smoothly. Rooms are spacious and hygienic. Would recommend if you are planning to stay...
97 Nguyen Truong To
Ba Dinh
Great Location & Great Hotel - stayed there before a tour for 3 days. We also arranged car pickup at the airport and it was flawless. The service and staff were great - we had a problem with the ATM out the door...
Great Location & Great Hotel - stayed there
before a tour for 3 days. We also arranged car pickup at the airport and it was flawless. The service and staff were great - we had a problem with the ATM out the door...
28 26, Hang Bot St
Hanoi +844,
A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff. Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...
A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff.
Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...
57 Ph_m H_ng Thai
Hotel nice neighbourhood. Staff very friendly and helpfull. Breakfast very good local and als european as well. The beds were not to hard also not to soft.There are a lot of locations to eat in the neighbourhoud...
Hotel nice neighbourhood. Staff very friendly and
helpfull. Breakfast very good local and als european as well. The beds were not to hard also not to soft.There are a lot of locations to eat in the neighbourhoud...
Kim Anh at the front desk of the hotel is very helpful and the breakfast on the second floor is also delicious. The security guards are also very enthusiastic and will help carry luggage. When I come to Hanoi, I...
Kim Anh at the front desk of the hotel is very
helpful and the breakfast on the second floor is also delicious. The security guards are also very enthusiastic and will help carry luggage. When I come to Hanoi, I...
57 Pham Hong Thai Street, Ba Dinh District
Stayed two nights the shower and toilet water both leaked considerable and I informed reception accordingly who didnt seem to phased by the incident. Breakfast catered more to the Asian cuisine than western but am...
Stayed two nights the shower and toilet water
both leaked considerable and I informed reception accordingly who didnt seem to phased by the incident. Breakfast catered more to the Asian cuisine than western but am...
02 Nguyen Dinh Hoan
We went to Hanoi for 1 week and had many wonderful experiences. The guests welcomed and welcomed us very well and were very helpful. The hotel has a beautiful small swimming pool on the rooftop, a sauna and a…
We went to Hanoi for 1 week and had many
wonderful experiences. The guests welcomed and welcomed us very well and were very helpful. The hotel has a beautiful small swimming pool on the rooftop, a sauna and a…
22 D. Thanh Nien
Yên Phụ, Tây Hồ
Hanoi 124700,
The breakfast basic and tasty.The staff were all very friendly, special mention to Benjamin who was so kind and helpful and is a real asset to the hotel.They also had major wifi problems.If they will fix they...
The breakfast basic and tasty.The staff were all
very friendly, special mention to Benjamin who was so kind and helpful and is a real asset to the hotel.They also had major wifi problems.If they will fix they...
84 Tran Nhan Tong Street
Hai Ba Trung District
A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...
A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a
charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...
3-5 Tran Te Xuong
Truc Bach, Ba Dinh
This is not a luxury hotel by any means but is a comfortable place to stay a few minutes taxi ride from the old quarter. If you want to escape the bustle and hooting of car horns, this is a good place. The…
This is not a luxury hotel by any means but is a
comfortable place to stay a few minutes taxi ride from the old quarter. If you want to escape the bustle and hooting of car horns, this is a good place. The…
57 Nguyen Truong To
I stayed in Adamas for three nights, it is not far from Old Quarter. But if you really want to experience the hustle bustle of Old Quarter, my suggestion is not to stay in this hotel. The room was tight and we...
I stayed in Adamas for three nights, it is not
far from Old Quarter. But if you really want to experience the hustle bustle of Old Quarter, my suggestion is not to stay in this hotel. The room was tight and we...
65 Cua Bac Street
Nice clean hotel, with great views from the restaurant on the 10th floor, Vietnam breakfast was good, western style a bit lacking, but I enjoy eating the food of the country I visit, the baguettes were light and...
Nice clean hotel, with great views from the
restaurant on the 10th floor, Vietnam breakfast was good, western style a bit lacking, but I enjoy eating the food of the country I visit, the baguettes were light and...
65 P. Trich Sai
Beautiful hotel in Hanoi.You can’t go past this gorgeous hotel for superb service and quality fitout.The manager Mr Mark was exceptional and all the staff made our staff very special. Our room view full big…
Beautiful hotel in Hanoi.You can’t go past this
gorgeous hotel for superb service and quality fitout.The manager Mr Mark was exceptional and all the staff made our staff very special. Our room view full big…
45 Nguyen Truong to St
Ba Dinh, Hanoi 10000,
We stayed for 2 nights in this very comfortable hotel. The reception team are very helpful with luggage storage prior to departure and our room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was really good with lots of...
We stayed for 2 nights in this very comfortable
hotel. The reception team are very helpful with luggage storage prior to departure and our room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was really good with lots of...
287-301 Doi Can Street
We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days, on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...
We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days,
on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...
15 Hang Than
Ba Dinh Dist
Clean, cheap, great location. Extremely helpful and friendly staff. Solid stop-over. Ill recommend it for sure. :) the location is great as it is 2-5 mins walkimg distance from where the vietair airport shuttle…
Clean, cheap, great location. Extremely helpful
and friendly staff. Solid stop-over. Ill recommend it for sure. :) the location is great as it is 2-5 mins walkimg distance from where the vietair airport shuttle…
55 Nguyen Truong To Street, Ba Dinh District
Basic hotel, 15-20 mn walk to the lake via the old town. Service ok, cleanliness ok, breakfast ok for the price. Caution : another hotel with the exact same name is located a bit further in the same street!
Basic hotel, 15-20 mn walk to the lake via the
old town. Service ok, cleanliness ok, breakfast ok for the price. Caution : another hotel with the exact same name is located a bit further in the same street!
35 22, Quan Thanh
The hotel is well situated next to the famous lake where we enjoyed the ambiance. Everything is readily accessible. The restaurants nearby are wonderful treats. Good breakfast, warm service, the staff is very...
The hotel is well situated next to the famous
lake where we enjoyed the ambiance. Everything is readily accessible. The restaurants nearby are wonderful treats. Good breakfast, warm service, the staff is very...
87 P. Nguy_n Tru_ng T_, Nguy_n Trung Tr_c, Ba Dinh
This place has set the bar VERY high. This was my first 2 nights in Vietnam as part of a Luxury Escapes tour. This hotel is perfect. Very very comfortable. Excellent service with lovely friendly staff. Amenities...
This place has set the bar VERY high. This was my
first 2 nights in Vietnam as part of a Luxury Escapes tour. This hotel is perfect. Very very comfortable. Excellent service with lovely friendly staff. Amenities...
Number 118, Riverside Road-Hoang Quoc
Viet-Nghia Do, Cau Giay District
Hanoi 844,
Clean and tidy hotel. Outside of the main centre, but close to the business district I was visiting, and given I had meetings in the morning and a long break before the afternoon meetings it was good to be able to...
Clean and tidy hotel. Outside of the main centre,
but close to the business district I was visiting, and given I had meetings in the morning and a long break before the afternoon meetings it was good to be able to...
42B Hang Cot
Hang Ma
Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…
Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our
friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…
45B Hang Bun Street
First Eden hotel is located in the Ba Dinh District, cant get any closer to make your walking of the old quarter any better. hey its three star but clean , quiet , a reasonable breakfast and the staff are great...
First Eden hotel is located in the Ba Dinh
District, cant get any closer to make your walking of the old quarter any better. hey its three star but clean , quiet , a reasonable breakfast and the staff are great...
055 P. Nguy_n Tru_ng T_
Ba Dinh, Hanoi,
The hotel is quite nice. Our room was on the small side but totally adequate, and we had a small balcony. The room was just a bit worn here and there, but overall the hotel was really good value. It is in a nice...
The hotel is quite nice. Our room was on the
small side but totally adequate, and we had a small balcony. The room was just a bit worn here and there, but overall the hotel was really good value. It is in a nice...
23 Quan Thanh, Street
Quan Thanh Ward
Nice hotel near to the old quarter in Hanoi. Nice, clean rooms with large beds. Staff is very friendly. Honorable mention for the lovely Ms. Trang from the reception. Minor point of critism: the rooms good be...
Nice hotel near to the old quarter in Hanoi.
Nice, clean rooms with large beds. Staff is very friendly. Honorable mention for the lovely Ms. Trang from the reception. Minor point of critism: the rooms good be...
43 Quan Thanh
Originally booked a hotel around the corner that cancelled my booking- for 5am after the overnight train from sapa. So very tired, grumpy and dirty I knocked on the door to zen hotel. They were so lovely- not only...
Originally booked a hotel around the corner that
cancelled my booking- for 5am after the overnight train from sapa. So very tired, grumpy and dirty I knocked on the door to zen hotel. They were so lovely- not only...
4 Nguyen Truong To Street
Hoan Kiem District
Great hotel. Amenities good. Stayed in 3 different rooms. Room size good. Had a little trouble with hot water for showers in 2 of the rooms. . Central location, walking distance to most points of interest like…
Great hotel. Amenities good. Stayed in 3
different rooms. Room size good. Had a little trouble with hot water for showers in 2 of the rooms. . Central location, walking distance to most points of interest like…
6B Lang Ha Street
I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...
I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of
November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...
1
2
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
