Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayNature & parks in Halong BayBudget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Cheap Things to Do in Halong Bay
Best Budget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Sights & Landmarks
Museums
Water & Amusement Parks
Caverns & Caves
Islands
Bodies of Water
Beaches
Show more
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
11 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Bay
11,389
By kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the beauty and tranquility of Halong Bay.
See tours
2. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
2023
3. Sung Sot Cave
1,861
By Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of nature Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4. Dau Go Cave
713
By 434jainc
The visit to the cave was the highlight of the trip to Halong bay. It is a sight never to be missed. You can have time...
5. Dong Thien Cung
571
By Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a natural wonder.
6. Ti Top Island
1,136
By G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the view of the bay.
7. Hon Ga Choi Island
248
By rawleyl
BOTTOM LINE: Do not forget about the camera of yours! The Kissing Chicken Rock (Hon Ga Choi) formation is entertaining...
8. Tien Ong Cave
44
By HalongEscapeSails
The cave is nice, cool inside but crowed. So sometimes we needed to go very slowly after other people.
9. Soi Sim Island
37
By chiallasiatravel
the beach is very quiet, we enjoy swimming there. Water is clear and the beach is nice to kayak surround.
10. Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
By jasmin_lala
„Our“ lady was very mean when we just wanted to park our scooter in front of her entrance in the afternoon, so we mov...
11. Bai Chay Beach
47
By Journey746674
We will contact to you for next time. It's Perfect.Thank you so much. We have a good time and good memories in Halong.
What travelers are saying
GillandJack
Redditch, UK24 contributions
0
HALONG off the beaten track
We had a wonderful morning with Si from KAB Travel HaLong Bay who took us to the main tourist places of interest in HaLong as well as to local places well off the tourist track. Eating amazing chicken noodle soup in a local street side cafe and drinking Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk high up in the hills were memorable experiences.
Si was very courteous, efficient and caring. He guided me through the slippery fish market and over the busy roads. His English was excellent and he was just a lovely person to be with.
The pagoda we visited with him was the best we saw all holiday , so peaceful and calm.
I would thoroughly recommend Si and his company.
Read more
Review of: Halong Bay
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Kade T
6 contributions
3 days/2 nights cruise
We joined 3 days / 2 nights cruise to this area. It's less crowded. Very beautiful scenery. Highlight of our trip in Vietnam.
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay
Written February 19, 2024
haram B
2 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
Tantanlee
Nice walking cave in Halong
It is nice cave of Halong Bay and it is nice cave of limestone mountains to visit. It takes about 45 minutes for walking. Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us. A good company
Review of: Dau Go Cave
Written February 18, 2023
Discover56156625886
1 contribution
Thien Cung Cave
So crowde if you come here in the summer, althought this cave is special. Maybe must try when you travel Ha Long Bay
Review of: Dong Thien Cung
Written September 28, 2023
MizuhoK
Hino, Japan3,282 contributions
Sad to see many PET bottle garbage
The island is named after Russian cosmonaut. This was the first stop during the tour. We were asked to choose either, hiking or swimming. We chose hiking. It was quite a tough one! It was really a hot and humid day. The stairs are quite steep and narrow. There were lots of tourists, you needed to walk carefully for up and down , not to slip or hit.
The view from top was beautiful. You get sweaty!
We saw people swimming at beach. Looked fun in such a hot day at less wave beach.
It was very sad to see tons of PET bottle garbage were not only in trash bins but also everywhere in the island. Maybe tourists brought drinks here and threw them away when finished. When we entered the cruise ship, we were asked not to bring in PET bottles. Only glass bottles were sold in the cruise ship. So there should have be no PET bottles in the island but there were.
We must behave to preserve the great nature.
Review of: Ti Top Island
Written September 2, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
1
Halong Bay symbol
These are two rocks emerging from the sea, however with an interesting form of two chicken fighting or kissing.
As our tour guide explained, they became a symbol o Halong Bay with many souvenirs with them.
Review of: Hon Ga Choi Island
Written February 11, 2024
Brilliant Pottery
Palm Beach, FL32 contributions
Natural wonder
Wow such a natural wonder. The cave shows the stalagmites, and the formation over thousands of years.
Review of: Tien Ong Cave
Written October 13, 2019
chiallasiatravel
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam211 contributions
2
Nice place for swim!
Review of: Soi Sim Island
Written August 9, 2017
Shannon
Suva, Fiji1,034 contributions
Old Lady Blue Door
The mountains officially closed and rightly so unless you're a law breaker than attempt it at your own risk. So the old lady was supposedly the safest way to get up there because she's behind the wall or something. All you need to do is walk through her blue door and her dog will alert her. Don't worry the dogs are harmless and there's more dogs on the roof around five of them. As soon as she saw me she said it cost 500k, after you pay she takes you to the back on the roof. It didn't look that difficult until I had to lift an unstable ladder up the hillside then position it up against a 4 metre cliff. Which she indicated you had to climb over. Once seeing how dangerous it was I told her I wasn't going to do it and gave her 200k for wasting her time as she's quite elderly. Overall a brilliant mountain just a shame it's closed off. Recommend waiting for it to officially reopen and that you should visit other mountains.
Review of: Bai Tho Mountain
Written January 28, 2024
BuiAnh
Halong Bay, Vietnam9 contributions
Good place to relax
I have to say that it was so crowded when I came there. It's hard to find a quiet place for sunbathing! Close at 6pm!
Review of: Bai Chay Beach
Written August 11, 2018
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Nature & parks in Halong Bay
Budget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the
beauty
and tranquility of Halong Bay.
2.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and
of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
3.
Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of
nature
Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4.
434jainc
5.
Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a
natural wonder
.
6.
G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the
view of the bay
7.
rawleyl
8.
HalongEscapeSails
9.
10.
jasmin_lala
„Our“ lady was very mean when we just wanted to
park
our scooter in front of her entrance in the afternoon, so we mov...
11.
Journey746674
Redditch, UK
24 contributions
Hino, Japan
3,282 contributions
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
Palm Beach, FL
32 contributions
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
211 contributions
Suva, Fiji
1,034 contributions
Halong Bay, Vietnam
9 contributions
