Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with a View
THE 10 BEST Hotels with a View in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with a View
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
14 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Great View
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
2. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#2 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
3. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#3 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
4. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
#4 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
5. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#5 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
6. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#6 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
7. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#7 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
8. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#8 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
9. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#9 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
10. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#10 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
11. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#11 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
12. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
#12 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
13. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#13 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
14. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#14 Best Value of 14 Halong Bay Hotels with a View
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with a View
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Nile River Valley
The mighty Nile has been providing Egypt with water for millennia. Deserving of its reputation as the world's largest open-air museum, the Nile River Valley contains thousands of monuments at sites such as Luxor and Aswan. Don't miss the city of temples ar Karnak, the dozens of tombs in the Valley of the Kings, the massive rock temples of Abu Simbel or vast and powerful Luxor Temple. Visitors can float by these astounding sites on a felucca boat or cruise ship or catch a train from Cairo.
Fujikawaguchiko-machi
Saratov Oblast
Pyatigorsk
Sinop
Ankara Province
Tilos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
Hotels with Sauna
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsGreat View
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
22.4 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Flamingo Cat Ba is a hidden gem of this beautiful island. A peaceful place to have your own relaxing time but still close to the center enough to blend into the daily life. Mr Cương receptionist is very..."
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
"My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. Check in was easy and the room was spacious and clean. We had a beautiful sea view in our 3rd floor room. The hotel is very central with easy access to everything we..."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Nam Phuong Hotel
#17 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and..."
"Fantastic room on the 4th floor! Good AC and nice hot shower! The beds are comfy but like the other reviews have said the pillows are a bit hard, we jus used a jumper as well as it was fine! The owner is so lovely..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
14.5 miles from Halong Bay
#41 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
16.7 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included..."
"This is an old hotel at the end of the main strip of Cat Ba Town. It is an old outdated hotel, but the Reception lady was very helpful and most polite and courteous. So is the lady in charge of motorbike rental from..."
Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
#116 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast..."
"Room looked ok but the beds had obviously not been cleaned since the last guests. Felt very dirty. Breakfast was very basic (bread, jam and option for eggs). Did the job for an overnight stay but I wouldn't choose..."
Nam Cuong Hai Duong Hotel
49 reviews
47.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"Hotel is located quite far from downtown of Hai Duong City but you could take a taxi. Hotel offers a quite good breakfast and they also offer fruit / cake every day. This is a good point from the hotel. The food..."
"We came here for a MICE tour. Satisfies with good facilities and preparation. Well located amd designed for our business activities. Both tea-break and lunch is Ok. It must be the best hotel in Hai duong city."
Matches:Great View
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
In Halong Bay
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
14
Hotels Prices From
$18
Hotels Reviews
4,987
Hotels Photos
5,462
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a view
What are the best hotels with a view near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with a view in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
14 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
