Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Minh House
95 reviews
#1 of 296 small hotels in Da Nang
104 To Hien Thanh 16 Can ho, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (197)
Traveler
(163)
Dining
(32)
Room & Suite
(10)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.6
Cleanliness
Service
Value
Minh House - To Hien Thanh is one kind of ecological apartment which is equipped with the modern and luxury things. Just walking a few steps, you can reach to the legendary My Khe beach. It takes you 4km to the airport, 1km to the center and 500m to the beach. You can enjoy the specialties everywhere. Welcome to Minh House.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Free breakfast
Airport transportation
24-hour security
Dry cleaning
Laundry service
Show more
Room features
Air conditioning
Room service
Kitchenette
Minibar
Refrigerator
Room types
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
3.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Charming
Trendy
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Good for walkers
Grade: 83 out of 100
83
Da Nang Airport
2.9 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.8 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
31 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Cardi Pizzeria Võ Văn Kiệt
75
3 min
$$ - $$$
Italian
Moc Seafood
321
5 min
$
Seafood
MAMA HOT POT Buffet - Võ Văn Kiệt
55
Torino Restaurant and Bakery
81
6 min
See all nearby restaurants
3 Attractions
KOTO CLUB DA NANG
7
Bars & Clubs
Fire - Fly Mobile Bar
2
Van's Touch
Speciality & Gift Shops
See all nearby attractions
95
Reviews
Q+A
4
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 79
Very Good 12
Average 3
Poor 0
Terrible 1
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(95)
English(52)
Chinese (Sim.)(23)
Chinese (Trad.)(23)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsbeautiful pool
Sort by:
Most Recent
FAtravels wrote a review Jan 2024
England, United Kingdom23 contributions23 helpful votes
Minh House is the best in Da Nang!
Stopped in Da Nang at Minh House for one night - what a wonderful experience! Minh House staff (Vi and the rest of the team) were SO welcoming, attentive and go above and beyond for you. The room and hotel itself is stunning - modern, clean, beautiful. We both had a great, restful night sleep as the bed was huge and super comfortable. The breakfast was delicious and as soon as we entered the breakfast room, we were greeted with coffees, fruit and pastries and then a little later, our ordered breakfast. Minh House made our short stay in Da Nang perfect and we would recommend to all!
Read more
Date of stay: January 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Vic wrote a review Nov 2023
Torrejon De Ardoz, Spain10 contributions
Warm hotel with kind staff, comfy rooms and close to the beach
The people working at the hotel couldn't be nicer, always friendly and attentive. The rooms were decorated with a modern touch, comfy beds, and with everything you need at a hotel. The pool was nice, and the breakfast was very good. Location was superb, close to the beach. Totally recommendable if you're spending a few days in Da Nang. ;)
Date of stay: November 2023
Aida wrote a review Mar 2023
Breda, The Netherlands2 contributions1 helpful vote
Lovely stay at. Minh house
Relaxing and cozy stay. Nice location, 10 min to the beach and 20 min walking to the expat district, where you can find nice reactants and cafes. You can also take a grap car for $ 2 Also lots of local food, that you can try on the surroundings. Also really quite with a beautiful pool
Date of stay: March 2023
1 Helpful vote
Latorre T wrote a review Oct 2022
Boston10 contributions4 helpful votes
A nice place to stay
Stayed here for 8 nights in September. Very clean and friendly. The pool in the middle of the hotel was perfect. The room was plenty big enough and the shower had enough pressure. The ac worked well which was much appreciated. And the location was perfect. Close to the beach but not in the middle of everything. Would definitely go back.
Date of stay: September 2022
Ellen wrote a review Apr 2021
Hanoi, Vietnam3 contributions2 helpful votes
Lovely place
Our last night was in Da Nang. Hotel in a quiet alley, good location very close to the beach. The staff are so friendly (Anh Tai), helpful, polite and very cute! The rooms are really clean and look beautiful with plenty of space. Overall an amazing hotel with value for money. MotorBike rental is perfect with very safe, good quality bikes.
Date of stay: April 2021
djarch and Anne wrote a review Jun 2020
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam11 contributions2 helpful votes
My go to place to stay in Da Nang
Clean spacious rooms, Very nice indoor pool and outstanding staff make this my first choice when I look for Hotel in Da Nang. I work here once a month and have been staying here since it opened. Aunty Thu the cook always has a smile on her face and makes great breakfast. Thai and other front desk staff make the stay very enjoyable. It is a very easy quick walk to the beach and many restaurants close by also. Little Vin Mart is close now also.
Date of stay: June 2020
Linda wrote a review Jun 2020
Hoi An, Vietnam7 contributions2 helpful votes
Awesome
I really like this place. Value aquality, very clean and charming desingn. I went there with my boyfriend. It is romantic place. We booked the room have swimming pool in front. Really quite amd chill. Breafast is so delicous by ms. Thu and receptionist is friendly and helpful. Will come back later. Thanks for give us good service. 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Anhtai wrote a review Mar 2020
Da Nang, Vietnam4 contributions
COZY PLACE
The best in DaNang, we stayed here only 1 night, clearly and nice pools. Breakfast is small but very good and quality. All ladies at reception was very friendly and helpful. Definitely will comeback next time 😘😘😘
Date of stay: March 2020
Nha Vo Thanh wrote a review Jan 2020
1 contribution
Review on my stay from 18 Jan - 19 Jan 2020
My stay was pleasant. The staff in the hotel are very kind. The hotel is within walking distance to the beach. For breakfast, they offer local foods and western foods. Personally, I did like the local food "beef stew", which is translated as "bo kho" in Vietnamese, which I tried during my stay. For facilities, since the hotel doesn't have a lift, that might be problematic if you carry a large suitcase. So, this might be the thing that the hotel could improve. In short, I would recommend this hotel. Definitely, I would stay there if I visit Da Nang again.
Date of stay: January 2020
Hans A wrote a review Jan 2020
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia49 contributions3 helpful votes
+1
Feels like meeting long time friends
Very welcoming staff at our first entry and during the whole stay. Felt like we were long time friends. Very nice and calm hotel, nice design of rooms. Bed very comfortable. In rooms during whole days relaxing music ( can be put off). Very near the DaNang beach. If you turn to left from hotel you will enter in a nice part of town, full of hotels, restos, coffeeshops and massage opportunities. But a 20 minutes walk away from the Dragon vridge and coty center. Breakfast very good and prepared by charming Ema who presented a daily varied breakfast. Reception staff very professional, interested and always ready to assist you. Special thanks to Mya, Nhi and Tina. Mya came back special from Minh boutique to say us goodbye. Hotel to be recommended to all ! Staff organised trip for us…
Date of stay: December 2019
Previous
Next
123456
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$31 - $43 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
16
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
MINH HOUSE $36 ($̶9̶7̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about Minh House
Which popular attractions are close to Minh House?
Nearby attractions include KOTO CLUB DA NANG (0.3 miles), Fire - Fly Mobile Bar (0.2 miles), and Van's Touch (0.2 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Minh House?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Minh House?
Top room amenities include a kitchenette, a minibar, and air conditioning.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Minh House?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, complimentary tea, and free instant coffee during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at Minh House?
Yes, free parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to Minh House?
Conveniently located restaurants include Cardi Pizzeria Võ Văn Kiệt, Moc Seafood, and MAMA HOT POT Buffet - Võ Văn Kiệt.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Minh House?
Yes, guests have access to a pool during their stay.
Does Minh House have airport transportation?
Yes, Minh House offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at Minh House?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Is Minh House accessible?
Yes, it offers wheelchair access. For specific inquiries, we recommend calling ahead to confirm.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(197)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
2.9
mi
42.8
3
min
5
6
79
12
0
1
All languages
(95)
English
(52)
Chinese (Sim.)
(23)
Chinese (Trad.)
FAtravels
England, United Kingdom
23 contributions
23
23 helpful votes
Date of stay:
transparency report
Vic
Torrejon De Ardoz, Spain
10 contributions
10
Aida
Breda, The Netherlands
2 contributions
1 helpful vote
Latorre T
Boston
4 helpful votes
Ellen
Hanoi, Vietnam
3 contributions
2 helpful votes
djarch and Anne
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
11 contributions
11
Linda
Hoi An, Vietnam
7 contributions
Anhtai
Da Nang, Vietnam
4 contributions
Nha Vo Thanh
Hans A
Addis Ababa, Ethiopia
49 contributions
49
3 helpful votes
Very welcoming staff at our first entry and during the whole stay. Felt like we were long time friends. Very nice and calm hotel, nice design of rooms. Bed very comfortable. In rooms during whole days relaxing music ( can be put off). Very near the DaNang beach. If you turn to left from hotel you will enter in a nice part of town, full of hotels, restos, coffeeshops and massage opportunities. But a 20 minutes walk away from the Dragon vridge and coty center. Breakfast very good and prepared by charming Ema who presented a daily varied breakfast. Reception staff very professional, interested and always ready to assist you. Special thanks to Mya, Nhi and Tina. Mya came back special from Minh boutique to say us goodbye. Hotel to be recommended to all ! Staff organised trip for us
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
