Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Can Tho, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Can Tho
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Can Tho
Tonight
3/103/11
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Can Tho
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $97 +
Price per night
Popular
4 stars
10
Breakfast included
21
& up
26
Luxury
5
Property types
Resorts
B&Bs & Inns
+31
Hostels
+18
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
31
Pool
12
Free parking
22
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
37
39
Hotel class
5 stars
2
3 stars
2 stars
Style
Budget
Mid-range
19
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
1
Sheraton
574 properties in Can Tho
Sort by:
Best Value

Marriott Bonvoy member rate available
Sign in to view
Top Rated
Sheraton Can Tho
View deal
Book Now with Marriott Bonvoy
Booking.com
Expedia.de
Hotels.com
View all deals from $78 
994 reviews
#1 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...”
“From the minute we walked through the glass doors into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...”
Special offer
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
lastminute.de
$145
Hotel Website
View all deals from $145 
1,992 reviews
#2 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...”
Azerai Can Tho
$241
Official Hotel
View all deals from $241 
144 reviews
#3 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...”
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
$68
View all deals from $68 
5 reviews
#4 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
Agoda.com
$13
2 reviews
#5 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...”
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
View all 11 deals 
551 reviews
#6 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...”
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
ZenHotels.com
655 reviews
#7 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel accommodated to us changing our dates and adding a night on at the last minute.”
“Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...”
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
View all 10 deals 
122 reviews
#8 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...”
“Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...”
West Hotel
522 reviews
#9 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...”
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#10 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...”
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
Opodo
View all 9 deals 
301 reviews
#11 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...”
Bamboo Eco Village
Lol.travel
44 reviews
#12 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...”
“We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…”
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...”
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
View all 8 deals 
336 reviews
#14 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...”
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#15 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.”
“Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...”
Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#16 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...”
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#17 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…”
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#18 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...”
“It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.”
Fortuneland Hotel
Vio.com
View all 6 deals 
188 reviews
#19 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...”
Khach Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#20 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...”
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#21 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…”
“The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...”
International Hotel
55 reviews
#22 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...”
“We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…”
Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#23 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…”
Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
#24 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...”
“My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…”
Anh Dao Mekong 2
View all 7 deals 
38 reviews
#25 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…”
“Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around…”
Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#26 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...”
“This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy...”
Boutique Lodge Can Tho Homestay
3 reviews
#27 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#28 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...”
Fit Hotel Can Tho
#29 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#30 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…”
“Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank...”
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
1234567
574 properties
 
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor)
after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
From the minute we walked through the glass doors into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...
From the minute we walked through the glass doors
into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is
fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...
The whole experience was beyond all expectations.
The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...
The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...
The atmostphere is really nice at there. People
friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms
lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
The hotel accommodated to us changing our dates and adding a night on at the last minute.
The hotel accommodated to us changing our
dates and adding a night on at the last minute.
last minute
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing
short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort.
Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...
Beautiful location, very good staff and food.
Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel
is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
Good centralized location on a main street.
Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome
cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this
is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…
We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a
bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…
Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
Great location with easy walk to all the key
places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it
looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
The location is perfect, right in the city
center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...
Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms
are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at
the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…
The staff are very helpful. They attended to our
every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did
well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.
It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful
river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.
the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...
the staff is friendly and the room is big, many
choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage...
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu
Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to
the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...
The hotel met our expectations, providing good
value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...
Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
Great location in very center of Can Tho City,
and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…
We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3
nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…
The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…
The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean .
The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the
Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…
My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a
VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place
and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around…
Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room
was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around…
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We
are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy...
This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They
took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy...
Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...
Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine).
Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit
stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank...
Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd
considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank...
3
4
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
