Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Tripadvisor
Owner Asking Traveler for Review Removal
Tripadvisor absolutely does not condone threats or bullying of reviewers, and you should contact us if this ever happens.
It is rare that a hotelier threatens a reviewer, but if we are made aware of it, we will take action with the owner. In addition to notifying the owner that this is strictly against Tripadvisor policy, the property will be advised that any future violations of Tripadvisor’s policy towards bullying or threats can result in penalization.

If an owner wishes to use our messaging system to send a travel-related message, the owner must adhere to all of our private messaging guidelines.
Tripadvisor does not facilitate direct contact between owners and members of our travel community. All users on our site remain anonymous unless they decide to post their email address or contact information in their review. To see our privacy policy, click here.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Owners contacting travelers about their review
It is against our privacy policy to share a reviewer's email address with an owner, manager, or anyone else. Reviewers stay anonymous unless they choose to post their email addresses or contact information in a contribution, such as a review or forum post. 
Review a vacation rental
We’ll remind you to review your stay throughout your trip. Once you check out, follow the steps below to leave your review.  
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
private messaging guidelines.
private messaging guidelines
click here
