Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Welcome to Reco!
Last Updated: Aug 6, 2021
Reco is a platform where you can engage with third parties that provide travel planning and booking services (“Trip Designers”) that craft unique adventures for the modern traveler. Reco does not sell or operate any travel services.
These Terms of Use apply to any use of Reco's services, including its websites. Please read these Terms of Use carefully, as they contain important information concerning your legal rights and limitations on these rights, as well as a section regarding applicable law and jurisdiction of disputes. By accessing or using Reco’s services in any way, including browsing, creating a Reco Account (as defined in Section 1.4 below), Engaging (as defined in Section 1.4 below) with a Trip Designer, and/or using any interactive features on the Website (as defined in Section 1.2 below), you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Use, thereby creating a binding contract between you and Reco. If you do not agree with all of these Terms of Use, you are not permitted to access or use the services
Introduction
Please refer to our Privacy Policy (https://www.helloreco.com/legal/privacy) for information about how we collect, use and disclose information about you. In addition to these Terms of Use, your use of the Platform and Services is governed by the Privacy Policy and any other Reco policies posted from time to time, all of which are incorporated by reference into these Terms of Use (collectively, all of the foregoing, the "Terms of Use").
The Terms of Use set out the terms on which TAMG Ventures Co., a Delaware corporation, doing business as Reco (referred to variously throughout the Terms of Use as “Reco”, "we", "us", and "our") provides travel information, travel agency marketplace services, and other travel services (the "Services") through Reco’s booking platform (the "Platform") as may be made available through our website (https://www.helloreco.com, together with all related domains, white label and affiliate sites, and any executable program downloadable onto mobile devices that is owned and operated by Reco that links to these Terms or Use (“Mobile Applications”), collectively referred to as the "Website"), and over the telephone. When we refer to "you", we mean any person that accesses or uses the Services. Reco is not a travel or tour agency, nor is it a supplier of flights, accommodations, tours, rental cars, cruises, activities or experiences. When you make a booking, you are using the Platform to contract with third party suppliers.
If you wish to contact Reco, please visit https://www.helloreco.com/support, which gives information about ways to contact us. You can also write to us at the following address: support@helloreco.com.
By using or accessing the Services, by engaging with a Trip Designer for travel planning and booking related services (variously, "Engage", “Engaging”, "Engagement"), and/or creating an account on the Website (a "Reco Account"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use without modification, and you represent that you have read and understood them. Violations of these Terms of Use will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law and may result in suspension or termination of your Reco Account as well as in additional penalties and sanctions.
In all Engagements, you (as the one Engaging with a Trip Designer) shall be deemed to have accepted these Terms of Use on behalf of all the persons you identify in connection with the Engagement. You represent and warrant to Reco that you have obtained those persons’ consent to give us and the Trip Designer those persons’ information so that we may (subject to our Privacy Policy) use it to provide the Services and, separately, the Trip Designer you Engage with can use it to provide the travel planning and booking services.
You further agree (a) to be financially responsible for your use of the Website and Services, (b) to be financially responsible for the purchase and delivery of the travel company services your selected Trip Designers select and book for you (i.e., the bookings), and (c) to perform your obligations and complete the transaction with such Trip Designers. By creating a Reco Account, you acknowledge and agree that you contract directly with the Trip Designers you select to purchase travel services from and acknowledge and agree that Reco is not a party to any contract for the purchase and sale of any travel planning and booking services from Trip Designers found via the Website. All rights and obligations for the purchase and sale of services from Trip Designers are solely between the Trip Designer and you; you are solely responsible for the enforcement and performance of your agreement with the Trip Designer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Reco reserves the rights to provide customer support, act as an intermediary in a dispute, and/or make decisions regarding refund requests, in its sole discretion.
We may, at our sole discretion, modify the Website and/or Services at any time. You understand and agree that your continued access or use of the Website and/or Services after any such changes represents and acts as your acceptance of the modifications. Unless otherwise required by applicable law, any changes we make in this regard will not affect your rights with respect to Services you purchased prior to the date such changes became effective.
At the top of this page you will find the date on which the Terms of Use were last updated. We may, at our sole discretion, modify these Terms of Use. Where we do so, such updated Terms of Use will take effect upon the posting of such updated Terms of Use as reflected by the new, updated date shown at the top of this page. Your continued use of the Website and/or Services will confirm your acceptance of the revised Terms of Use, whether or not you have reviewed them. It is your responsibility to return to this page periodically to review the most current version of the Terms of Use. If you do not agree to the revised Terms of Use, do not use the Website and/or the Services.
Use of the Services
Reco provides online access to the Services through the Website. In order to access the Website, you must have a connection to the Internet. In addition to an Internet connection, you are responsible for configuring your information technology systems (e.g., computer, software programs such as antivirus software) and platform so as to access the Website and Services.
In providing the Services, Reco will NOT source or deliver any services provided by Trip Designers, including, but not limited to, travel company services. Reco will only provide the venue for users of the Website and Services and Trip Designers to ﬁnd and contract with each other for travel company services according to these Terms of Use.
As a condition of your use of the Services, you represent and warrant that (i) all information supplied by you in the course of your use of the Services is true, accurate, current and complete, and (ii) you are 13 years of age or older in order to use the Website. Reco does not knowingly collect the information of anyone under the age of 13.
Your use of the Services is permitted by Reco only for personal, non-commercial use and/or to make legitimate requests to Engage a Trip Designer with respect to travel planning and booking services offered; you are not granted any other right to use the Website or Services. You agree not to use this Website or Services to make any speculative, false or fraudulent requests or bookings.
You further represent and warrant that you (a) are not currently suspended, nor have you previously been banned by Reco from using the Website or Services; (b) are not acting on behalf of a competitor of Reco; (c) will not create more than one Reco Account; and (d) have full power and authority to enter into this legally binding agreement and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which you are a party.
We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access to the Website and/or Services to anyone at any time and for any reason, including, but not limited to, for violation of these Terms of Use.
In accessing or using the Website and Services, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, objectionable, or otherwise inappropriate. Reco does not endorse such content, and cannot vouch for its accuracy. You therefore access and use the Website and Services at your own risk.
Reco does not guarantee that the Website or Services will operate continuously or free from error, or will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. Reco may, at its sole discretion, refuse, interrupt, suspend access to, modify, remove, and/or take down all or part of the Website and/or Services for any reason, including for operational or maintenance purposes.
Reco Accounts
You may need to create a Reco Account and provide information about yourself in order to use some of the features on the Website and other Services, including when you Engage a Trip Designer. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Reco Account password and log-in credentials ("Reco Account Credentials"). You are also solely responsible for all activities (including Engagements) that occur in connection with your Reco Account and the conduct of any person using your Reco Account. You agree to notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your Reco Account.
You are responsible for keeping your Reco Account contact information complete, accurate and up to date. If you change your contact information, you agree to promptly update your Reco Account information, including without limitation your e-mail address. E-mail is the primary means by which we communicate with you, so please be sure it is up to date at all times.
Your Reco Account is for your personal use only. You may not impersonate someone else (e.g., adopt the identity of a celebrity), create a Reco Account for any person other than yourself, provide an e-mail address or other personal details other than your own, or create multiple Reco Accounts.
We may terminate or suspend access to your Reco Account or your ability to use the Services, in whole or in part, at our sole discretion, for any or no reason, and without notice or liability of any kind. For example, we may terminate or suspend your Reco Account or ability to use the Services if you misuse the Website or fail to comply with these Terms of Use. Any such termination or suspension could prevent you from accessing your Reco Account, the Website, User Content (as defined in Section 6.1), Website Content (as defined in Section 4.1), and/or any other related information. However, in the case of a termination of your Reco Account, you will continue to be responsible for any outstanding obligations regarding any Engagement you may have in progress with a Trip Designer at the time your Reco Account is terminated.
You may terminate your Reco Account at any time by contacting us to request that we close your Reco Account, and by discontinuing your use of any and all aspects of the Website and Services. If you close your Reco Account, we may continue to display your previously published User Content and are under no obligation to remove any of your User Content.
AS A USER OF THE SERVICES, YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT: (1) NEITHER RECO NOR ITS AFFILIATES WILL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU OR OTHERS FOR ANY UNAUTHORIZED ENGAGEMENTS MADE USING YOUR RECO ACCOUNT AND/OR RECO ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS; AND (2) THE UNAUTHORIZED USE OF YOUR RECO ACCOUNT AND/OR RECO ACCOUNT CREDENTIALS COULD CAUSE YOU TO INCUR LIABILITY TO BOTH RECO, OTHER USERS AND/OR TRIP DESIGNERS.
Website Prohibited Activities
The content and information on the Website (including, but not limited to, messages, data, information, text, music, sound, photos, graphics, video, maps, icons, software (including Software, as defined in Section 8.2), code or other material (including as such code and items/material as are referred to in Section 9.1), and collectively described herein as the "Website Content"), as well as the infrastructure used to provide such Website Content, is proprietary to us. You agree not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, extract data from, transfer, or sell or re-sell, or otherwise exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any Website Content, or any products or services obtained from or through the Website. You are permitted, and Reco grants you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license, to use view, download, and print any Website Content solely for the permitted use of such Website Content, and not for republication, distribution, assignment, sublicense, sale, preparation of derivative works, or any other use. Without limiting the foregoing, you may not download, republish, retransmit, reproduce, or use in any other way any image on the Website as a stand-alone file (i.e. separate from the article, text, caption, or other graphics used with the image in context on the Website). Any other use of the Website Content, products and/or services requires the prior written permission of Reco.
Additionally, you agree that you will not and will not assist or enable others to:
Use our Website or Services in any way that will or could interfere with, disrupt, impair or inhibit other users from fully enjoying our Website or Services, or that could damage, disable, overburden or impair the functioning of our Website or Services in any manner;
use the Website (including Website Content) or Services for any commercial or unlawful purpose;
attempt to indicate in any manner that you have a joint venture, agency, partnership or other relationship with Reco or that Reco has endorsed you or any products or services for any purpose, unless otherwise specifically agreed to in advance and in writing by Reco;
access, monitor, reproduce, distribute, transmit, broadcast, display, sell, license, copy or otherwise exploit any Website Content, including but not limited to, user profiles and photos, using any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose not in accordance with these Terms of Use or without our express written permission;
otherwise accumulate or index, directly or indirectly, through automated means or otherwise, any Website Content made available through our Website or Services;
use the Website or Services to create your own separate data files or to otherwise gather statistical information;
bypass, circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security-related features of the Website or Services, including those features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Website Content;
take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure or makes excessive traffic demands on the Website or Services;
deep-link to any portion of the Website for any purpose without our express written permission;
"frame", "mirror" or otherwise incorporate any part of the Website or Services into any other website without our prior written authorization;
attempt to modify, translate, adapt, edit, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any aspect of our Website or Services or do anything that might discover source code of Software or bypass or circumvent measures employed to prevent or limit access to any area, content or code of our Website or Services (except as otherwise expressly permitted by law);
use the Website or Services to threaten, stalk, defraud, incite, harass, or advocate the harassment of another person, or otherwise interfere with another user's use of the Website or Services;
Use our Website or Services for any illegal or unauthorized purpose, or engage in, encourage or promote any activity that violates these Terms of Use;
use the Website or Services to submit or transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, spam, chain letters, contests, junk email, pyramid schemes, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not or harvest or collect the email addresses or other contact information of other users of the Website or Services for any such purposes;
use the Website or Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest, such as trading reviews with other business owners or writing or soliciting reviews;
use or attempt to access another’s Reco Account unless granted prior written approval from both Reco and the user who created such Reco Account;
engage in any discriminatory, defamatory, hateful, harassing, abusive, obscene, threatening, physically dangerous, or otherwise objectionable conduct while using the Website or Services;
use the Website or Services to violate any third-party right, including any breach of confidence, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;
use the Website or Services to submit or transmit pornography or illegal content;
use the Website or Services to solicit personal information from minors, or to harm or threaten to cause harm to, any person including minors;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Website or Services, Reco Accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Website or Services through hacking, password mining or any other means;
use the Website or Services to transmit any computer viruses, worms, defects, Trojan horses or other items of a destructive nature (collectively, "Viruses");
use any device, software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Website or Services or otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper working of same;
use the Website or Services to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes;
disrupt or interfere with the security of, or otherwise cause harm to, the Website or Services;
develop any third-party application that interacts with Website Content or our Website or Services more generally without our prior written permission; or
remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features of the Website or Services, including features that prevent or restrict the use or copying of Website Content, or features that enforce limitations on the use of the Website or Services.
Electronic Communications
When you use the Website and/or Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you are communicating with us electronically and agree that we may communicate with you in a variety of ways, such as by e-mail, in-app push notices, or by posting notices and messages on the Website. You may unsubscribe from marketing-related e-mails by emailing privacy@helloreco.com, however we may continue to send you non-marketing messages, such as messages related to any upcoming Bookings. You agree that any notice, agreement, disclosure or other communication that we send you by e-mail will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that such communication be in writing.
Content
You and other users of the Website may contribute to the Website in a number of different ways, including submitting emails, writing reviews, making postings, uploading and posting photos or videos, making comments or suggestions, submitting ideas, filling out public profiles, rating other users' contributions and making other similar contributions or submissions to the Website and/or otherwise to Reco (collectively, "User Content"). We may use User Content in a number of different ways, including but not limited to displaying it on the Website, reformatting it, translating it into other languages, editing it for clarity and grammar, incorporating it into advertisements and other works, creating derivative works from it, promoting it, distributing it, and allowing others to do the same in connection with their own websites, mobile properties, applications, and media platforms.
By submitting User Content, you grant Reco and its affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable and fully sub-licensable right to (a) use, reproduce, modify, adapt, translate, distribute, publish, create derivative works from and publicly display and perform such User Content throughout the world in any media, now known or hereafter devised, for any purpose; and (b) use the name that you submit in connection with such User Content. You acknowledge that Reco may choose to provide attribution of your User Content at our discretion. You further grant Reco the right to pursue at law any person or entity that violates your or Reco’s rights in the User Content by a breach of these Terms of Use. You acknowledge and agree that User Content is non-confidential and non-proprietary. If it is determined that you retain moral rights (including rights of attribution or integrity) in the User Content, you hereby declare that (a) you do not require that any personally identifying information be used in connection with the User Content, or any derivative works of or upgrades or updates thereto; (b) you have no objection to the publication, use, modification, deletion and exploitation of the User Content by Reco or its licensees, successors and assigns; (c) you forever waive and agree not to claim or assert any entitlement to any and all moral rights of an author in any of the User Content; and (d) you forever release Reco, and its licensees, successors and assigns, from any claims that you could otherwise assert against Reco by virtue of any such moral rights.
Reco and its affiliates may display advertisements and other information adjacent to or included with your User Content on the Website. You are not entitled to any compensation for such advertisements. The manner, mode and extent of such advertising are subject to change without notice to you.
The Website may contain discussion forums, bulletin boards, review services or other forums in which you and other users of the Website may post User Content ("Interactive Areas"). Within such Interactive Areas, you are solely responsible for your use of such Interactive Areas and use them at your own risk.
All User Content you post, upload, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Website and/or Services must comply with these Terms of Use and any other requirements we may implement from time to time. By using the Website and/or Services, including any of the Interactive Areas on the Website, you expressly agree not to post, upload to, transmit, distribute, store, create or otherwise publish through the Website and/or Services any User Content that comprises or includes:
content that you do not have the right to submit;
content that is unlawful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, suggestive, harassing, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, inflammatory, fraudulent or otherwise objectionable;
content that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party, or that would otherwise create liability or violate any local, state, national or international law, including, without limitation, the regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) or any rules of a securities exchange such as the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE), the American Stock Exchange or the NASDAQ;
content that may infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual or proprietary right of any party;
content that impersonates any person or entity or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity, including Reco;
content that does not reflect your own honest views and experiences;
content that contains personal information of another individual, including their name, address, email address, credit card information, or image, without that person’s permission;
content that impersonates or misrepresents your affiliation with any person or entity, including, but not limited to, unauthorized use of logos, headers or identifiers that hide or otherwise mask the origin of any User Content;
promotions, political campaigning, advertising, contests, raffles, or solicitations;
private information of any third party, including, without limitation, surname (family name) address, telephone number, e-mail address, Social Security number and credit card number;
viruses, corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files;
content that is unrelated to the topic of the Interactive Area(s) in which such User Content is posted; or
content or links to content that, in the sole judgment of Reco, (a) violates the previous subsections herein, (b) is objectionable, (c) restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Interactive Areas (or the Website or Services more generally), and/or (d) may expose Reco, its affiliates, or the users of the Website and/or Services to any harm or liability of any type.
You alone are responsible for the User Content you submit. You assume all risks associated with such User Content, including anyone's reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness, or any disclosure by you of information in such User Content that makes you personally identifiable. You represent that you own, or have the necessary permissions to use, and authorize the use of, such User Content as described herein. You may not imply that such User Content is in any way sponsored or endorsed by Reco.
Reco takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any User Content posted, stored or uploaded by you or any third party, or for any loss or damage thereto, nor is Reco liable for any mistakes, defamation, slander, libel, omissions, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter.
Reco reserves the right to monitor any User Content for compliance with these Terms and our other policies. That said, we cannot control all User Content prior to its publication. Although Reco has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any User Content, Reco reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen, translate or edit without notice any User Content in our sole discretion at any time and for any reason, and/or to have such actions performed by third parties on its behalf, and you are solely responsible for creating back-up copies and replacements of your User Content at your sole cost and expense. Save as otherwise set forth in our Privacy Policy, Reco has no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of your User Content, nor do we guarantee any confidentiality with respect to your User Content.
Any use by you of the Interactive Areas or other portions of the Website and/or Services in violation of the foregoing violates these Terms of Use and may result in, among other things, termination or suspension of your rights to use the Services or Website (including the Interactive Areas).
Links to Third Party Websites; Communications with Third Parties
The Website or communications you may engage in with Trip Designers while on the Platform may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by parties other than Reco ("Third Party Sites"). Such hyperlinks are provided for your reference only. Their presence on the Website and/or in communications with Trip Designers while on the Platform does not signify any endorsement by Reco of the material on such nor any association with their operators.
We do not control Third Party Sites and are not responsible for their contents, or the privacy or other practices of those that own and operate them.
We do not control the communications you engage in with Trip Designers or other third parties while on the Website or while using the Services and are not responsible for the content of such conversations, or the privacy or other practices of those with whom you communicate. You are therefore encouraged to use care in any such communications, including being careful with what information you provide to such third parties.
It is your responsibility to ensure that whatever hyperlinks you select and/or software (including Software, as defined in Section 8.2) you download are free of Viruses (whether it is from the Website, the Website (including communications held on the Website) or Third Party Sites, or through the Services).
In some cases you may be asked on a Third Party Site if you wish to link your profile on Reco to a profile on such Third Party Site. Choosing to do so is optional. If you decide to link your profile and you later wish to disable such link, you should contact the Third Party Site.
In addition to on the Website and/or via the Services, we may contact or otherwise interact with you on third party sites where we post content or invite Feedback, such as through the Reco social media accounts on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube (collectively, these and other social media sites shall be referred to as “Social Media Sites”). Please remember that we do not have any control over the Social Media Sites as they are Third Party Sites. These Terms of Use and any other Reco policies do not apply to the Social Media Sites. You should therefore review the terms of use and other policies posted on the Social Media Sites.
We may also feature links on the Website or through the Services that allow you to share information or content, or provide comments and Feedback regarding the Services, on Social Media Sites. You may be required to log into your accounts (including your Reco Account) or otherwise access the Social Media Sites to do so. We may obtain information about you such as your Social Media Site account picture or other information about your account from the Social Media Site, and vice versa. Our collection and use of information through our Website and Services will be subject to our Privacy Policy. However, we are not in control of your Social Media Site account or how the Social Media Sites may use your information. For information about how the Social Media Sites use your information, you should review the Social Media Sites’ terms, privacy policies, and other policies.
When you use any Social Media Site feature on the Website, Website or Services or use a “send to friend” email link or similar communication tool that allows you to send any Content from our Website to another individual, or you post Content to any Social Media Site, you must do so in a manner that does not violate these Terms of Use, other Reco policies, or applicable law.
Software on the Website
Software from the Website and Services is further subject to United States export controls. No software from the Website or Services may be downloaded or otherwise exported or re-exported (a) into (or to a national or resident of) Cuba, Iraq, Sudan, North Korea, Iran, Syria, or any other country to which the U.S. has embargoed goods, or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Table of Deny Orders. By using the Website, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list.
2. Any software (including, without limitation, all HTML, XML, Java code and Active X controls) that is made available for download from the Website or Services ("Software") is owned by and is the copyrighted work of Reco, or Reco affiliates, or other third parties as identified. Your use of such Software is governed by the terms of the end user license agreement which accompanies, or is included with, the Software ("License Agreement"), if any. You may not install or use any Software that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement unless you first agree to the License Agreement terms. For any Software made available for download on the Website not accompanied by a License Agreement, we hereby grant to you, the user, a limited, personal, non-transferable license to use the Software for viewing and otherwise using the Website in accordance with these Terms of Use and for no other purpose.
You acknowledge and agree that all Software contained on or otherwise incorporated into the Website and Services is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Any reproduction or redistribution of the Software is expressly prohibited, and may result in severe civil and criminal penalties. Violators will be prosecuted to the maximum extent possible.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF THE SOFTWARE TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED. THE SOFTWARE IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THE APPLICABLE LICENSE AGREEMENT.
Copyright and Trademark Notices
Excluding third party content, the Website and all Website Content, which includes, but is not limited to, all visual interfaces, interactive features, custom graphics, design, computer code, products, software, compilation of other content (such as compilation of third party content), and other elements and components of the Website and Services are: ©2020 TAMG Ventures Co., dba Reco. All rights reserved. Reco is not responsible for content on websites operated by parties other than Reco. All names, logos, brands product or service names, designs and slogans displayed on the Website (including those of the travel planning and booking services) are registered and/or common law trademarks of TAMG Ventures Co., dba Reco and/or its licensors or the Trip Designers, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Reco or the applicable trademark holder. Further, you may not use any metatags, meta elements, "hidden text" or other equivalents using these names or any other colorable equivalent without our prior written authorization. In addition, the look and feel of the Website, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the service mark, trademark and/or trade dress of Reco and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Reco. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Website are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, Trip Designer or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship or recommendation thereof by Reco.
If you are aware of an infringement of either your brand or our brand, click here: https://www.helloreco.com/support and follow the Copyright Complaint Policy instructions.
Feedback
If you have Feedback (defined further down in this paragraph) to provide to Reco, you may submit it to us. Feedback shall not be considered confidential information. Reco shall become the sole holder of the rights to the Feedback upon its submission to Reco. Reco shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual property rights, in and to such Feedback. Reco will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of this Feedback for any purpose, including for any commercial use, without acknowledgment or compensation to you. “Feedback” means any of your questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, original or creative materials or other information about Reco, the Website, Software, or Services which is sent to Reco.
Travel Planning and Booking
Reco provides the means through which you can enter into a contract with a third party Trip Designer. That said, Reco is not a Trip Designer of such travel planning and/or booking services, and your contract for supply of any travel planning and booking services you procure via an Engagement with a Trip Designer will be directly between you and the applicable Trip Designer. Reco is not a party to any contract between you and the Trip Designer. In respect of each Engagement, your initial communications with a Trip Designer regarding your contemplated travel plans represents an offer by you to the Trip Designer requesting that such Trip Designer provide you with travel planning and/or booking services. Each Trip Designer is free to accept or reject any offer you make. These Terms of Use govern your use of the Services, which includes your use of the Website through which you may make such an offer to a Trip Designer. However, the provision of the travel planning and booking services you procure via an Engagement with a Trip Designer will be subject to (a) the terms and conditions displayed on the Website in respect of such travel planning and booking services, (b) any information made available to you during the booking process, and (c) the terms and conditions of the Trip Designer with whom you have a legal contract for the supply of the travel planning and/or booking services via an Engagement.
If you procure travel planning and/or booking services via an Engagement, you agree to review and be bound by the applicable Trip Designer's terms and conditions and any other rules or policies related to such travel planning and booking services (the "Trip Designer Terms"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent that the Trip Designer Terms conflict with these Terms of Use in respect of your legal relationship with Reco, these Terms of Use shall prevail. Your interactions with Trip Designers are at your own risk. Reco will have no liability with respect to the acts, omissions, errors, representations, warranties, breaches or negligence of any Trip Designer or for any personal injuries, death, property damage, or other damages or expenses resulting from your interactions with any Trip Designer.
Reco is not a travel agency and does not provide travel planning and booking services. Although Reco provides information about travel planning and booking services and facilitates Engagements via the Website and Services, such actions do not in any way constitute Reco's sponsorship or approval of such Trip Designers, or any affiliation between Reco and any Trip Designer. Although Reco Members may rate and review particular travel planning and booking services based on their own experiences, Reco does not endorse or recommend any Trip Designer’s travel planning and booking services. You agree that Reco is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness of information it obtains from Trip Designers and/or that is displayed on the Website or Services.
You may only create a Reco Account and use the Website or Services to purchase travel planning and booking services if you are at least 18 years of age (or at least the age of legal majority where you live). By Engaging a Trip Designer, you warrant that you are at least 18 years of age (or at least the age of legal majority where you live), that you possess the legal authority to enter into both this binding agreement and a binding agreement with the Trip Designer, to use the Services, to purchase the travel planning and booking services, and that all information you supply is true and accurate. You further agree that you will use the Website and Services to make only legitimate Engagements for you and/or others for whom you are legally authorized to act. If you are under 18 years of age (or under the age of legal majority where you live), you may only access or use the Website and Services with the permission and under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use and who agrees to be responsible for all of your conduct on the Website and in connection with the use of the Services.
Currency Conversions
If Reco provides a currency converter, currency rates are based on various publicly available sources and should be used as guidelines only. Rates are not verified, and actual rates may vary. Currency quotes may not be updated on a daily basis, and neither Reco nor its affiliates warrant or guarantee accuracy. Reco shall not be liable to you if prices change due to currency fluctuations.
Payments
The terms and conditions of payment are those set out in the Trip Designer Terms, which you agree you shall consult. Each Trip Designer is required to inform you of its terms, conditions and means of payment.
For the creation and delivery of a trip itinerary, you will pay the Trip Designer through Reco’s payment platform. You will pay your Trip Designer separately for bookings (e.g., hotels, activities) in accordance with that Trip Designer’s process (i.e., the method of paying for the bookings themselves is different from the method of paying for the trip itinerary). We recommend that you ask your Trip Designer about the booking and payment process prior to Engagement. Between (a) the moment when a cost estimate is delivered to you and the moment at which you agree to it, and/or (b) the moment the Trip Designer (having secured your agreement to the estimate) seeks to secure your bookings and the moment that the actual provider of the travel services (e.g., the hotel, the tour operator, the car rental company, the airline) confirms that your travel services have indeed been booked, changes in pricing, availability and other variables may affect your ability to secure the desired travel service as quoted by the Trip Designer, and result in changes to your contemplated arrangements. Should this occur, your Trip Designer should request and secure your consent to such revised arrangements.
The value of your bookings may be subject to taxes, duties, foreign transaction, currency exchange or other fees. Your bank or payment card company may convert the payment into the local currency and may charge fees, resulting in differences between any amount(s) displayed through the Website and/or presented you by a Trip Designer, and the final amount charged to you. Reco recommends that you contact your bank or card company if you have any questions concerning any applicable currency conversion or fees.
Payment Processing
Facilitation of Charges. All charges for itinerary planning services are facilitated through a third-party payment processor (e.g., Stripe, Inc., Adyen B.V., or Braintree, a division of PayPal, Inc.). Reco may replace such third-party payment processor without notice to you. Charges for itinerary planning services shall only be made through the Reco payment system. Your payment of charges through the Reco payment system satisfies your payment obligation for itinerary planning services. Reco may group multiple charges into a single aggregate transaction on your payment method based on the date(s) they were incurred.
Coupons. You may receive coupons, discounts, vouchers and/or promotion codes that you can apply toward payment for certain itinerary planning services. Coupons, discounts, vouchers and/or promotion codes are only valid for use on Reco and through its Website, and are not transferable or redeemable for cash except as required by law. Coupons cannot be combined, and if the cost of the itinerary planning services you contracted for exceeds the applicable credit or discount value, you will be required to pay the outstanding balance due for such itinerary planning service. Additional restrictions on coupons, discounts, vouchers and/or promotion codes may apply as communicated to you in a relevant promotion or on the Website.
Credit Card Authorization. Upon addition of a new payment method or an Engagement with a Trip Designer for itinerary planning services, Reco may seek authorization of your selected payment method to verify the payment method, ensure the amount due will be covered, and protect against unauthorized behavior. The authorization is not a charge; however, it may reduce your available credit by the authorization amount (e.g., until your bank’s next processing cycle). Should the amount of our authorization exceed the total funds on deposit in your account, you may be subject to overdraft of NSF charges by the bank issuing your debit or prepaid card. We cannot be held responsible for these charges and are unable to assist you in recovering them from your issuing bank.
Modifications or Cancellations by You
Before entering into an Engagement with a Trip Designer, it is essential that you read the applicable Trip Designer Terms as (a) you have agreed to be bound by them and (b) they will therefore apply in addition to these Terms of Use (see, e.g., Section 11).
In this regard, it is important that you (a) carefully review (along with the rest) those of the Trip Designer Terms relating to cancellation, pre-payment and failure, and (b) timely make all payments by the deadlines to which you agreed with the Trip Designer.
Once you have procured travel planning and/or booking services via your Engagement, they cannot be changed by you or cancelled with a refund, unless otherwise stated in the Trip Designer Terms or other (i.e., non-Reco) terms and conditions applicable to such travel planning and booking services (e.g., any options to modify arrangements made applicable by the provider of the airline, hotel, activity or other travel related service you booked through your Trip Designer).
Cancellation of Itinerary Planning Services. Trip Designers will only accept requests for cancellations of itinerary planning services made pursuant to an Engagement where such cancellation requests are made through Reco’s systems. All refund requests that are initiated through the Website will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis, and decisions regarding refunds will be made by the Trip Designer or Reco, subject to the terms of Section 1.6. Note that if you procure itinerary planning services using a promotion code, or if you accept a discount or special-offer price during the check-out process, any change you make after completing the check-out process with respect to the itinerary planning services procured may invalidate such promotion code, discount or special-offer price (e.g., such that it is not available to you in the future).
Cancellation of Bookings. Trip Designer will only accept requests for cancellations of bookings made pursuant to an Engagement where such requests are made through Reco’s systems. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such refunds (or credits) shall be subject to the applicable Trip Designer Terms, as well as such other terms and conditions applicable to your booking(s) (e.g., those made applicable by an airline, hotel or activity provider). Note that if you utilize a promotion code, or if you accept a discount or special-offer price during the check-out process, any change you make after completing the check-out process with respect to the booking(s) procured may invalidate such promotion code, discount or special-offer price (e.g., such that it is not available to you in the future).
Disclaimer of Trip Designer Default
Reco makes no representations or warranties regarding and shall not be liable for any itinerary planning and booking services provided by Trip Designers, nor shall Reco be held liable for a Trip Designer’s default in any event, including in the event of their going into bankruptcy, receivership, administration or other financial reorganization or arrangement, or for any criminal wrongdoing committed by the Trip Designers.
Customer Service
In the event of an issue with the Website or Services, you may contact Reco Customer Service. You can contact us by going towww.helloreco.com/support, by emailing us at support@helloreco.com or, if using our smartphone app, clicking on “Get Help or Give Feedback” found under the “Account” link. In the event of a dispute with your Trip Designer, Reco customer service shall seek to assist you in resolving the issue, although you should contact your Trip Designer first; in the event you do not, Reco may reach out to your Trip Designer and request that they contact you directly
Passports, Visas & Insurance
When you Engage a Trip Designer, you are responsible for ensuring that you meet all foreign entry requirements and that your travel documents, including passports and visas, are in order.
For applicable passport and visa requirements, you should consult the relevant embassy or consulate for information. Such requirements may change at any time, and it is your responsibility to check for up-to-date information before Engaging a Trip Designer and before your departure. Reco accepts no liability in connection with any person who is refused entry onto a flight or into any country, including countries such person may just be passing through en route to their destination.
As visa and health requirements are subject to change without notice, Reco recommends that you verify health and visa requirements with the appropriate consulate prior to departure. It is also your responsibility to consult your physician for current recommendations on inoculations before you travel internationally, and to ensure that you meet all health entry requirements and follow all medical guidance related to your trip.
Reco strongly recommends that you purchase a comprehensive travel insurance policy prior to departure to protect your travel planning and booking services purchase. If you cancel your trip or significantly alter travel dates, your travel insurance policy may reimburse the cost of cancellation fees and related expenses. Please review your travel insurance policy carefully for related terms and conditions.
Although most travel, including travel to international destinations, is completed without incident, travel to certain destinations may involve greater risk than others. Reco urges customers to investigate and review travel prohibitions, warnings, announcements and advisories issued by the United States Government and destination country governments prior to booking travel to international destinations. Information on conditions in various countries and the level of risk associated with travel to particular international destinations can be found at www.state.gov, www.tsa.gov, www.dot.gov, www.faa.gov, www.cdc.gov, www.treas.gov/ofac, www.customs.gov, www.cdc.gov and www.who.int.
RECO DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT TRAVEL TO ANY DESTINATION IS ADVISABLE OR WITHOUT RISK, AND RECO IS NOT LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OR LOSSES THAT MAY RESULT FROM TRAVEL TO SUCH DESTINATIONS.
Our Liability
PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. THIS SECTION LIMITS RECO'S LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ISSUES THAT MAY ARISE IN CONNECTION WITH OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND THE TERMS IN THIS SECTION OR ELSEWHERE IN THESE TERMS OF USE, PLEASE CONSULT A LAWYER FOR CLARIFICATION BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES.
WHILE WE ATTEMPT TO ACCURATELY DISPLAY ALL CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT), MATERIALS, AND INFORMATION YOU VIEW ON THE WEBSITE, WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY, COMPREHENSIVENESS, AVAILABILITY, OR TIMELINESS OF SUCH CONTENT, MATERIALS AND INFORMATION, AND ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RESULTING FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON SUCH CONTENT, MATERIALS AND INFORMATION. THE WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT TRAVEL ARRANGEMENTS OR OTHER PRODUCT OFFERINGS THAT ARE NOT AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES OR IN ALL AREAS.
THE INFORMATION, CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT), WEBSITE, SOFTWARE AND SERVICES PROVIDED BY RECO MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS. RECO AND ITS CORPORATE AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY, THE "RECO GROUP COMPANIES", WITH EACH SUCH COMPANY BEING A “RECO GROUP COMPANY”) DO NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIM ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO THE INFORMATION AND DESCRIPTION OF, THE ITINERARY PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES AND OTHER SERVICES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE PRICING, AVAILABILITY, PHOTOGRAPHS, FEATURES, INCLUSIONS AND EXCLUSIONS, GENERAL TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES DESCRIPTIONS, REVIEWS AND RATINGS, ETC.). IN ADDITION, RECO EXPRESSLY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CORRECT ANY AVAILABILITY AND PRICING ERRORS.
THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OR USE OF THE INFORMATION, CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT), WEBSITE, SOFTWARE, TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES, AND OTHER SERVICES FOR ANY PURPOSE IN TERMS OF THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, ADEQUACY, USEFULNESS, RELIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, AND THE INCLUSION OR OFFERING OF ANY TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES OR OTHER SERVICES DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY ENDORSEMENT OR RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES OR OTHER SERVICES BY THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT), SOFTWARE, WEBSITE, TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES, AND ANY OTHER SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS THAT THE WEBSITE AND SERVICES ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. RECO HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT), SOFTWARE, WEBSITE, TRAVEL PLANNING AND BOOKING SERVICES, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE, SERVICES, CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT) AND OTHER INFORMATION AND MATERIALS INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE WEBSITE AND SERVICES AVAILABLE, MESSAGING OR OTHER CORRESPONDENCE SENT THROUGH THE WEBSITE, ARE OR WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR ANYTHING ELSE HARMFUL.
TRIP DESIGNERS ARE INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS AND NOT AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES OF ANY OF THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES. THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES, NEGLIGENCE OR MISCONDUCT OF ANY SUCH TRIP DESIGNERS OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY TRAVEL PLANNING SERVICES AND/OR BOOKING SERVICES OR ANY OTHER PRODUCT DISPLAYED OR ADVERTISED ON THE WEBSITE. THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES WILL NOT HAVE ANY LIABILITY AND WILL NOT MAKE ANY REFUND IN THE EVENT OF ANY DELAY, CANCELLATION, OVERBOOKING, STRIKE, FORCE MAJEURE OR OTHER CAUSES BEYOND THEIR DIRECT CONTROL, AND THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY ADDITIONAL EXPENSE, OMISSIONS, DELAYS, RE-ROUTING OR FOR ACTS OF ANY GOVERNMENT OR AUTHORITY.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES (OR ANY OF THEIR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS AND/OR AFFILIATES) BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF DATA OR INFORMATION OR COSTS TO PROCURE SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY OR LOSS OF USE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, THE WEBSITE, THE SERVICES OR AN ENGAGEMENT, OR YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND/OR SERVICES INCLUDING (A) ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OF TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS, OR LINE FAILURE, AND (B) ANY INABILITY TO USE, OR RELIANCE UPON, THE WEBSITE, SERVICES AND ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING WEBSITE CONTENT) OR ANY PRODUCTS OBTAINED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE EVEN IF THERE IS NEGLIGENCE BY US OR OUR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE, WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF RECO OR ANY OTHER OF THE RECO GROUP COMPANIES HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
If Reco and/or any other Reco Group Company is found liable for any loss or damage that arises out of or is in any way connected with your use of the Website, Services or with an Engagement, then Reco’s and/or such Reco Group Company's liabilities will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (a) the sum paid to Reco in respect of the Service or Engagement giving rise to the claim, or (b) one hundred dollars (US $100.00).
The limitation of liability set forth in this Section 19 reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. CERTAIN OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW DOES NOT ALLOW A PARTICULAR LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION.
The limitations specified in this Section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms of Use is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these Terms of Use insure to the benefit of the Reco Group Companies.
Your Liability
You agree to defend and indemnify the Reco Group Companies and all of their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, contractors, volunteers, licensors, Trip Designers and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, suits, proceedings, investigations, losses, damages, fines, penalties, fees, expenses, costs and any other liabilities of any kind or nature including but not limited to reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising out of or related to:
your breach of these Terms of Use or the documents or policies referenced herein or any agreement between you and a Trip Designer;
your violation of any law, rule, regulation or guideline;
your violation, infringement or misappropriation of the rights of a third party, including without limitation any rights of publicity or privacy;
your access to, use of or conduct in connection with the Website and/or Services;
your obligations to Trip Designers or third parties, including without limitation any payment obligations you incur through use of the Website or Services and any breach of any contract you enter into with or through a Trip Designer or otherwise through use of the Services;
any User Content and Feedback you may provide;
your decision to submit financial information or personal information or personal data through the Website or Services (including the payment and communications systems);
your Engagement or use of any Trip Designer or travel planning and booking services (as to the Trip Designer specifically (but not Reco), however, your obligation to indemnify the Trip Designer hereunder is limited to the extent of the Trip Designer’s liability (if any) under your separate contract with the Trip Designer and/or as provided for under applicable law);
any claims by third parties that participate in any travel purchased through the Website or Services; or
your negligence or willful misconduct.
You are responsible for checking your insurance coverage and, if you deem necessary and appropriate, taking out insurance for your intended travel including, for example, coverage for personal assistance services, medical expenses, accident insurance, repatriation cover, luggage insurance, cancellation insurance, and/or coverage of legal liability.
You acknowledge that you are solely responsible and liable for any and all electronic information and content (including User Content) you upload to the Website and/or Services. You acknowledge further that Reco shall incur no liability in this respect whatsoever. You also acknowledge that you shall and must use the Website and Services in a manner compliant with applicable law.
You acknowledge and agree that you accept the risks involved in travelling to and/or within any country, including those referenced in or by travel advisories, governmental regulations and global news outlets. You are responsible for consulting government sources, including the United States Department of State, Centers for Disease Control, World Health Organization, news sources, as well as your Trip Designer prior to making your travel plans (and thereafter, before embarking upon your trip). Reco, and our directors, officers, shareholders, agents, employees, contractors, volunteers, and licensors, and non-Trip Designer suppliers, are a referral service only and do not arrange tours, transportation, sightseeing, lodging, or any other services related to your intended travel. Reco is an independent contractor and is not an employee, agent, or representative of any Trip Designers or their suppliers. Reco does not own, manage, operate, supervise, or control any transportation, vehicle, airplane, hotel or restaurants, or any other entity that supplies services related to your tour. Reco is not affiliated with any Trip Designer and Trip Designers are independent contractors, and are not agents or employees or representatives of Reco. All tickets, receipts, coupons, and vouchers are issued subject to the terms and conditions specified by each Trip Designer and the underlying travel service provider (e.g., the issuing airline, hotelier). By accepting the coupons, vouchers, and tickets, or utilizing the Services, you agree that neither Reco, nor its directors, officers, shareholders, agents, employees, contractors, volunteers, licensors, and suppliers are or may be liable for any loss, injury, or damage to any traveler or their belongings, or otherwise, in connection with any service supplied or not supplied resulting directly or indirectly from any occurrence beyond the control of Reco. Reco assumes no responsibility or liability for any delay, change in schedule, loss, injury or damage or loss of any participant that may result from any act or omission on the part of others; and Reco shall be relieved of any obligations under these terms and conditions in the event of any strike, labor dispute, act of God, or of government, fire, war, whether declared or not, natural disasters, earthquakes, floods, fires, terrorism, insurrection, riot, theft, pilferage, epidemic, pandemic, illness, physical injury, quarantine, labor strikes, medical or customs or immigration regulation, delay, or cancellation. Reco accepts no responsibility for lost or stolen items.
Role of Reco in the Choice of Trip Designers
Reco provides a service through which users of the Website and Services are put in contact with Trip Designers. Reco performs screening of the Trip Designers but this screening does not necessarily entail any kind of identity background checks (unless otherwise specifically stated in these terms and conditions). You are therefore encouraged to engage in a conversation with Trip Designers to confirm that you are comfortable using their services. We will not bill you for our services, nor will we add further costs to the cost estimate provided by Trip Designer. Instead, our remuneration is made up of commissions paid to us by Trip Designers.
All agreements entered into between you and a Trip Designer are between you and the Trip Designer only. Reco is not involved in such contracting and is not a party to your contract with the Trip Designer.
Reco does not employ any Trip Designers and has no control over the acts or omission of any Trip Designers.
Reco does not guarantee (a) the quality, safety or legality of the services advertised or provided on and/or through the Website or Services, (b) the truth or accuracy of listings, the qualifications, background, or abilities of Trip Designers to deliver services, (c) the ability of users to pay for or use services (including Services) procured, and/or (d) that a Trip Designer or user will actually complete a transaction.
You hereby expressly release the Reco Group Companies from any and all liability for any controversies, claims, suits, injuries, loss, harm, or damages arising from or related to the Website and/or Services or your interactions or dealings with Trip Designers and their service providers, including acts and omissions of Trip Designers or otherwise arising out of or related to their services. All use of our Website and/or Services and the services of any Trip Designer is at your sole and exclusive risk.
General Provisions
You agree that no joint venture, agency, partnership, or employment relationship exists between you and Reco (and/or any other Reco Group Company) as a result of these Terms of Use or use of the Services.
Reco's performance pursuant to these Terms of Use is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in these Terms of Use limits Reco's right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or legal requests or requirements relating to your use of the Services or information provided to or gathered by Reco with respect to such use. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of the Services within one (1) year from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived.
If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remaining provisions in these Terms of Use shall continue in effect.
These Terms of Use (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein), along with such Community Guidelines as may be posted from time to time (currently set forth at www.helloreco.com/legal/community-guidelines) constitute the entire agreement between you and Reco with respect to the Website and/or Services and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between you and Reco with respect to the Website and/or Services. A printed version of these Terms of Use and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to these Terms of Use to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
Jurisdiction and Governing Law
The Website and Services are provided by a U.S. entity and these Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Boston, Massachusetts, USA and stipulate to the fairness and convenience of proceedings in such courts for all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Website and/or Services. You agree that all claims you may have against Reco arising from or relating to the Website and/or Services must be heard and resolved in a court of competent subject matter jurisdiction located in Boston, Massachusetts.
YOU AND RECO HEREBY WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, SUIT OR RELATED PROCEEDING BROUGHT TO ENFORCE, DEFEND OR INTERPRET ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES ARISING UNDER, RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE. FURTHER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU MAY ONLY RESOLVE DISPUTES IN YOUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND MAY NOT BRING A CLAIM AS A PLAINTIFF OR AS CLASS MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. CLASS ARBITRATIONS, CLASS ACTIONS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL ACTIONS, AND CONSOLIDATION WITH OTHER ACTIONS ARE NOT ALLOWED.
Use of the Website and/or Services is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these terms and conditions, including, without limitation, this paragraph. The foregoing shall not apply to the extent that applicable law in your country of residence requires application of another law and/or jurisdiction and such cannot be excluded by contract.
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
https://www.helloreco.com/legal/privacy
https://www.helloreco.com
https://www.helloreco.com/support
support@helloreco.com.
privacy@helloreco.com
www.helloreco.com/support
support@helloreco.com
www.state.gov
www.tsa.gov
www.dot.gov
www.faa.gov
www.cdc.gov
www.treas.gov/ofac
www.customs.gov
www.who.int
www.helloreco.com/legal/community-guidelines
