Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Vacation Rentals
Make changes to my vacation rental booking
Changing dates or number of people
If you paid through our website
You can request to change the dates or number of people on your booking in your Inbox. To change your holiday dates use the Edit booking button. If you need to change the number of guests staying then send the owner a message.
If the owner agrees, they’ll send you a revised quote outlining the changes. You can review and accept/decline in your Inbox. You’ll have 48 hours to take action before the revised quote expires.
Please note: Your booking can only be amended once (i.e. if you request a change and the owner accepts, you won’t have the option to make more changes after that).
If you paid the owner directly
You’ll need to contact the owner directly if you need to change the dates/number of people on your booking.
Changing the property booked
If you have decided to stay in a different property from the one you booked you will need to cancel your booking. Once you have canceled, you can then make a new booking online.
Make sure to discuss your changes with the property owner/manager before canceling. By canceling, you agree to the conditions of the owner’s cancellation policy, our Terms of use and our Chargeback policy.
What do I need to do if the price of my booking changes?
If changes to your booking result in a price change, we’ll ask you to make an additional payment.
If...
You’ve only paid the booking deposit - the price change will affect your booking balance. For example, if the price increases or decreases, we’ll adjust the balance amount (and, if necessary, the due date) accordingly. If you cancel the booking before you pay the new balance, the cancellation policy will only apply to the deposit amount you originally paid.
You’ve paid the full balance - if the new price is higher, you’ll be asked to pay the difference. Once you accept the booking change, we’ll let you know the due date for your new balance. You’ll then have up to 96 hours to make the additional payment. If the new price is lower than the original amount, we’ll issue you a refund for the difference once you have accepted the booking change.
Whenever any booking changes are made, you’ll be notified via email. You’ll also be able to track progress in the conversation with the owner in your Inbox.
What happens if the price doesn’t change?
If the price stays the same (e.g. you are moving the booking from 1 - 10 July to 2 - 11 July) you’ll simply accept the change and the new dates will be confirmed.
Changing contact details
If you need to change the name, email address or phone number that was used to make the booking, then the named person on the booking will need to contact us so we can update your information.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Edit the dates/number of guests on my vacation rental booking
If you need to change the dates or number of people on your booking, you can send the owner/manager a request via your
Make changes to a reservation
Need to add a traveler, change the date, or make another adjustment? Not a problem! In most cases, you can change your booking up to 24 hours before your activity. However, please check the “Terms and Conditions” section of your ticket for the detailed policy for your specific activity.
Cancel my booking request for a vacation rental property
If you'd like to withdraw a booking request that hasn't yet been accepted, you'll need to ask the property owner/manager directly.
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
You can request to change the dates or number of people on your booking in your
Inbox
. To change your holiday dates use the 
 button. If you need to change the number of guests staying then 
.
If the owner agrees, they’ll send you a revised quote outlining the changes. You can review and accept/decline in your
. You’ll have 48 hours to take action before the revised quote expires.
Your booking can only be amended 
(i.e. if you request a change and the owner accepts, you won’t have the option to make more changes after that).
If you have decided to stay in a different property from the one you booked you will need to 
. Once you have canceled, you can then make a new booking online.
Make sure to discuss your changes with the property owner/manager before canceling. By canceling, you agree to the conditions of the owner’s cancellation policy, our
Terms of use
and our 
Chargeback policy
 - the price change will affect your booking balance. For example, if the price increases or decreases, we’ll adjust the balance amount (and, if necessary, the due date) accordingly. If you cancel the booking before you pay the new balance, the cancellation policy will only apply to the deposit amount you originally paid.
 - if the new price is higher, you’ll be asked to pay the difference. Once you accept the booking change, we’ll let you know the due date for your new balance. You’ll then have up to 96 hours to make the additional payment. If the new price is lower than the original amount, we’ll issue you a refund for the difference once you have accepted the booking change.
Whenever any booking changes are made, you’ll be notified via email. You’ll also be able to track progress in the conversation with the owner in your 
If you need to change the name, email address or phone number that was used to make the booking, then the named person on the booking will need to
contact us
 so we can update your information.
