Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Da Nang, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Da Nang
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Da Nang
Tonight
3/103/11
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Da Nang
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $484 +
Price per night
Popular
5 stars
23
Breakfast included
249
139
Luxury
33
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
320
Pool
202
Free parking
288
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
293
349
358
Hotel class
4 stars
59
3 stars
149
2 stars
32
Style
Budget
84
Mid-range
186
Family-friendly
135
Show more
Brands
OYO
21
Melia
2
Hyatt Regency
Marriott
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
414 of 2,601 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value

HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
$55
View deal
Trip.com
$57
Agoda.com
$48
ZenHotels.com
$51
3,048 reviews
#1 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Staff is friendly and helpful, Elsa (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our Hue day trip in the last minute, appreciate it.”
“Last minute Gem”
Furama Resort Danang
$171
$155
5,329 reviews
#2 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Book ocean view room but got upgrade to president suite at last minute.”
“I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...”
Sala Danang Beach Hotel
$243
$235
$181
$240
2,264 reviews
#3 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Needed a beach stop before flying back to Hanoi and decided on Sala, last minute.”
“It was a vacation planned in the last minute.”
Monarque Hotel
$42
$52
3,033 reviews
#4 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
Read now
G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
$30
$31
$23
812 reviews
#5 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“We booked last minute here at the hotel the place did not disappoint.”
“The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese…”
Top Rated
Best Seller
Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
$83
$75
$63
2,004 reviews
#6 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Last minute stay in this accomodation was the best decision!”
“thía is the first time i visit to Da Nang city, the hotel i chose for this holiday is Muong Thanh Luxury, the hotel beach, you can walk along the beach every morning. our room have nice view. that room quite large...”
Diamond Sea Hotel
$37
$35
View all deals from $31 
1,820 reviews
#7 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...”
“Polite and friendly staff. Nice food and variety of choices for breakfast. Good service. Very good housekeeping service. Near to My Khe beach and have nice rooftop view of the beach. Sky Bar has the very nice view...”
Visit hotel website
One you. Multiple experiences. Exceptional benefits.
Dreaming of your next beach getaway? Raring to go on an action-packed urban adventure? Get ready to experience the best of what Asia has to offer in Thailand, South Korea, Vietnam, and Singapore while earning points and enjoying exclusive benefits.
Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
$79
$73
907 reviews
#8 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Despite some last minute changes to our booking, the staff very generously accommodated us and facilitated a seamless check-in process.”
“The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...”
All Inclusive
Brilliant Hotel
$91
$90
$74
View all deals from $74 
3,277 reviews
#9 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“the first i'm so impress with location, super center city, near everthing that i want: Han market, Masssage and many famous coffee and restaurant. Shout out for guy from Customere care service, he is so helpful…”
“Staff are so helpful in the hotel. Happy to arrange tours and give advice. Note that their prices for taxis are more expensive than if you use the taxis parked outside the hotel. Rooms are good with nice views…”
DLG Hotel Danang
$68
$64
642 reviews
#10 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL…”
Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
$176
Booking.com
3,466 reviews
#11 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“We booked a room very last minute after a rough night at a different hotel the night before and couldn’t be more pleased with our experience at this Hyatt.”
“Initially, we booked the suite for the very last minute.”
Hilton Da Nang
Hilton
View all deals from $73 
1,431 reviews
#12 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Smooth check in, courteous staff.We booked via Agoda but last minute they expected us to pay 2 days before check in.Hilton i believe could do nothing about it.Room was great as expected.Had mentioned it was our an...”
“Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...”
Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
$158
$156
$169
949 reviews
#13 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our hotel staff is Hien! She was very kind and sweet. Her service is very good . She provided us with a good room and tried to tell us a lot. We were moved by her service. We will want to come here again because…”
“The rooms are beautiful and the staff are second to none. They are so helpful and polite. The food is also amazing and tasty. The location is ideal and having the pool right by the ocean is lovely. Would…”
Special offer
TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
$72
View all deals from $68 
1,089 reviews
#14 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…”
Satya Danang Hotel
$54
$34
No fees just great deals
$46
367 reviews
#15 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Hotel is very clean & hygienic. Staff especially Ms Trang & Mr Nghem were friendly, helpful & courteous. Enjoyed staying in the hotel. Good spread of breakfast. However, pillow was too soft. Excellent location...”
Vanda Hotel
$62
$61
View all deals from $48 
1,111 reviews
#16 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Naman Retreat
$134
$139
$120
3,779 reviews
#17 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...”
Stella Maris Beach Danang
$50
$39
1,811 reviews
#18 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Staff is friendly and helpful, Ms. Kim (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our Hue day trip in the last minute, appreciate it.”
“The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. Ms. Ly helped us during my stay. They welcomed me with a small cake to celebrate me...”
Pullman Danang Beach Resort
$183
2,234 reviews
#19 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Last minute, I decided to check out the spa for a facial at the Pullman.”
“Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...”
Mercure Danang French Village Bana Hills
$154
1,709 reviews
#20 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was a last minute decision to stay here as I could not book the room online as it was fully booked initially.”
“To Lousia (Thoa), My name is Fon. I came from Thailand. Nice to meet you. You look so cute and great service mind. I give you for five star ️️️️️ Czyrainofz, This is my IG Have a nice day. Thank you for...”
Pama Boutique Hotel & Bistro
$32
19 reviews
#21 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beds sooo comfy...slept so well. Linens were exquisite. Staff amazing, gracious, accommodating and Madame NGA is the most amazing host. Will return here as often as I can. Especially , Annie, Lizzie, Nile, Way…”
“Fantastic service and lovely new rooms. Staff were incredibly helpful, accomodating and friendly. We stayed three days and enjoyed different breakfast options each morning. So close to the beach and nightlife in…”
Wink Hotel Danang Centre
$41
527 reviews
#22 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )... anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...”
Estrella Boutique Hotel
$40
$44
85 reviews
#23 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing view, pool, hotel and room design, staff… more than expected. Very well organised and the ladies at the reception speak English pretty well. It’s a four star hotel with European standards. I can recommend...”
“The location of the hotel is very strategic with lots of restaurants and marts nearby. The staffs are very friendly too. Besides, the breakfast is great. There are variety of choices and the food is delicious…”
Novotel Danang Premier Han River
$101
3,961 reviews
#24 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip. Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...”
Paris Deli Hotel
$71
$84
2,348 reviews
#25 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“We liked room size and view over the coastline / sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...”
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#26 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...”
Sanouva Danang Hotel
$45
$33
$38
$49
2,015 reviews
#27 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“They arranged drivers for us last minute for nearby tourist sites and helped with local recommendations and attraction info.”
“I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...”
Avora Boutique Hotel
$29
$20
$27
55 reviews
#28 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“My recent stay at Avora Boutique Hotel left me thoroughly impressed and satisfied. This hotel truly lives up to its promise of providing a modern and luxurious experience with international standards. From the...”
“Great hotel, location is good, but you need to walk a bit to reach the Dragon bridge and the centre. Staff is very good and helpful, checkin was super quick- in like 2 minutes. The room was good with all the...”
TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
$497
Official Site
$435
$469
$513
View all deals from $435 
2,429 reviews
#29 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...”
Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
$25
393 reviews
#30 Best Value of 2,601 places to stay in Da Nang
“Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...”
“This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t...”
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
123456…36
414 of 2,601 properties
Clear all filters
Staff is friendly and helpful, Elsa (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our Hue day trip in the last minute, appreciate it.
Staff is friendly and helpful, Elsa (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our
Hue day trip in the last minute, appreciate it.
last minute
Last minute Gem
Last minute
Book ocean view room but got upgrade to president suite at last minute.
Book ocean view room but
got upgrade to president suite at last minute.
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days.
They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
Needed a beach stop before flying back to Hanoi and decided on Sala, last minute.
Needed a beach stop before flying
back to Hanoi and decided on Sala, last minute.
It was a vacation planned in the last minute.
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
We booked last minute here at the hotel the place did not disappoint.
We booked last minute here at the hotel the place
booked last minute
did not disappoint.
The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese…
The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I
enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese…
Last minute stay in this accomodation was the best decision!
Last minute stay in this accomodation was the
best decision!
thía is the first time i visit to Da Nang city, the hotel i chose for this holiday is Muong Thanh Luxury, the hotel beach, you can walk along the beach every morning. our room have nice view. that room quite large...
thía is the first time i visit to Da Nang city,
the hotel i chose for this holiday is Muong Thanh Luxury, the hotel beach, you can walk along the beach every morning. our room have nice view. that room quite large...
 
Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...
Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond
Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...
Polite and friendly staff. Nice food and variety of choices for breakfast. Good service. Very good housekeeping service. Near to My Khe beach and have nice rooftop view of the beach. Sky Bar has the very nice view...
Polite and friendly staff. Nice food and variety
of choices for breakfast. Good service. Very good housekeeping service. Near to My Khe beach and have nice rooftop view of the beach. Sky Bar has the very nice view...
Despite some last minute changes to our booking, the staff very generously accommodated us and facilitated a seamless check-in process.
Despite some last minute changes to our booking,
the staff very generously accommodated us and facilitated a seamless check-in process.
The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...
The hotel was very clean and all step was very
kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...
the first i'm so impress with location, super center city, near everthing that i want: Han market, Masssage and many famous coffee and restaurant. Shout out for guy from Customere care service, he is so helpful…
the first i'm so impress with location, super
center city, near everthing that i want: Han market, Masssage and many famous coffee and restaurant. Shout out for guy from Customere care service, he is so helpful…
Staff are so helpful in the hotel. Happy to arrange tours and give advice. Note that their prices for taxis are more expensive than if you use the taxis parked outside the hotel. Rooms are good with nice views…
Staff are so helpful in the hotel. Happy to
arrange tours and give advice. Note that their prices for taxis are more expensive than if you use the taxis parked outside the hotel. Rooms are good with nice views…
I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL…
I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is
very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL…
We booked a room very last minute after a rough night at a different hotel the night before and couldn’t be more pleased with our experience at this Hyatt.
We booked
a room very last minute after a rough night
at a different hotel the night before and couldn’t be more pleased with our experience at this Hyatt.
Initially, we booked the suite for the very last minute.
Initially,
we booked the suite for the very last minute.
Smooth check in, courteous staff.We booked via Agoda but last minute they expected us to pay 2 days before check in.Hilton i believe could do nothing about it.Room was great as expected.Had mentioned it was our an...
Smooth check in, courteous staff.We booked
via Agoda but last minute they expected us
to pay 2 days before check in.Hilton i believe could do nothing about it.Room was great as expected.Had mentioned it was our an...
Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...
Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super
friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...
Our hotel staff is Hien! She was very kind and sweet. Her service is very good . She provided us with a good room and tried to tell us a lot. We were moved by her service. We will want to come here again because…
Our hotel staff is Hien! She was very kind and
sweet. Her service is very good . She provided us with a good room and tried to tell us a lot. We were moved by her service. We will want to come here again because…
The rooms are beautiful and the staff are second to none. They are so helpful and polite. The food is also amazing and tasty. The location is ideal and having the pool right by the ocean is lovely. Would…
The rooms are beautiful and the staff are second
to none. They are so helpful and polite. The food is also amazing and tasty. The location is ideal and having the pool right by the ocean is lovely. Would…
Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…
Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was
fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…
Hotel is very clean & hygienic. Staff especially Ms Trang & Mr Nghem were friendly, helpful & courteous. Enjoyed staying in the hotel. Good spread of breakfast. However, pillow was too soft. Excellent location...
Hotel is very clean & hygienic. Staff especially
Ms Trang & Mr Nghem were friendly, helpful & courteous. Enjoyed staying in the hotel. Good spread of breakfast. However, pillow was too soft. Excellent location...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day
relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...
Staff is friendly and helpful, Ms. Kim (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our Hue day trip in the last minute, appreciate it.
Staff is friendly and helpful, Ms. Kim (from the reception) even helped us to book the Dragon Bridge fire show and our
The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. Ms. Ly helped us during my stay. They welcomed me with a small cake to celebrate me...
kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. Ms. Ly helped us during my stay. They welcomed me with a small cake to celebrate me...
Last minute, I decided to check out the spa for a facial at the Pullman.
Last minute, I decided to check out the spa for a
facial at the Pullman.
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome
at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
It was a last minute decision to stay here as I could not book the room online as it was fully booked initially.
It was a last minute decision to stay here as I
last minute decision
could not book the room online as it was fully booked initially.
To Lousia (Thoa), My name is Fon. I came from Thailand. Nice to meet you. You look so cute and great service mind. I give you for five star ️️️️️ Czyrainofz, This is my IG Have a nice day. Thank you for...
To Lousia (Thoa), My name is Fon. I came from
Thailand. Nice to meet you. You look so cute and great service mind. I give you for five star ️️️️️ Czyrainofz, This is my IG Have a nice day. Thank you for...
Beds sooo comfy...slept so well. Linens were exquisite. Staff amazing, gracious, accommodating and Madame NGA is the most amazing host. Will return here as often as I can. Especially , Annie, Lizzie, Nile, Way…
Beds sooo comfy...slept so well. Linens were
exquisite. Staff amazing, gracious, accommodating and Madame NGA is the most amazing host. Will return here as often as I can. Especially , Annie, Lizzie, Nile, Way…
Fantastic service and lovely new rooms. Staff were incredibly helpful, accomodating and friendly. We stayed three days and enjoyed different breakfast options each morning. So close to the beach and nightlife in…
Fantastic service and lovely new rooms. Staff
were incredibly helpful, accomodating and friendly. We stayed three days and enjoyed different breakfast options each morning. So close to the beach and nightlife in…
Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )... anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...
Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )...
anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...
Amazing view, pool, hotel and room design, staff… more than expected. Very well organised and the ladies at the reception speak English pretty well. It’s a four star hotel with European standards. I can recommend...
Amazing view, pool, hotel and room design,
staff… more than expected. Very well organised and the ladies at the reception speak English pretty well. It’s a four star hotel with European standards. I can recommend...
The location of the hotel is very strategic with lots of restaurants and marts nearby. The staffs are very friendly too. Besides, the breakfast is great. There are variety of choices and the food is delicious…
The location of the hotel is very strategic with
lots of restaurants and marts nearby. The staffs are very friendly too. Besides, the breakfast is great. There are variety of choices and the food is delicious…
Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip. Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...
Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip.
Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...
We liked room size and view over the coastline / sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...
We liked room size and view over the coastline /
sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...
Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...
Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The
stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...
They arranged drivers for us last minute for nearby tourist sites and helped with local recommendations and attraction info.
They arranged
drivers for us last minute for nearby
tourist sites and helped with local recommendations and attraction info.
I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...
I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel
for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...
My recent stay at Avora Boutique Hotel left me thoroughly impressed and satisfied. This hotel truly lives up to its promise of providing a modern and luxurious experience with international standards. From the...
My recent stay at Avora Boutique Hotel left me
thoroughly impressed and satisfied. This hotel truly lives up to its promise of providing a modern and luxurious experience with international standards. From the...
Great hotel, location is good, but you need to walk a bit to reach the Dragon bridge and the centre. Staff is very good and helpful, checkin was super quick- in like 2 minutes. The room was good with all the...
Great hotel, location is good, but you need to
walk a bit to reach the Dragon bridge and the centre. Staff is very good and helpful, checkin was super quick- in like 2 minutes. The room was good with all the...
Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...
Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @
TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...
Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...
Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they
try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...
This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t...
This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed
in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t...
1
3
4
5
6
…
36
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
