Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
Yu Chung C wrote a review Oct 2023
1 contribution
We have a wonderful experience! Thanks Butler Binh
I was staying 2 days to celebrate my birthday and my girlfriend birthday. Binh arranged some surprise decoration and birthday. Most importantly, staff helped a lot to facilitate my proposal to my girlfriend! I can feel the staff there are passionate to serve us and want us to enjoy a wonderful experience which we really did! highly recommended!
Date of stay: October 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Oct 15, 2023
Dear our valued guest, Thank you so much for choosing to celebrate your special occasions at our Furama Villas and for taking the time to share your wonderful experience with us. We are absolutely delighted to hear that you had a memorable stay! Your kind words about our passionate and dedicated staff are heartwarming, and we genuinely appreciate your recommendation Should you ever decide to return to our resort, we would be thrilled to welcome you back and create more beautiful memories together. Once again, thank you for choosing our villas, and we hope to see you both again soon for another exceptional experience. Warmest regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Paradise19331676400 wrote a review Oct 2023
+1
Good service and pleasant accommodation!
The room was spacious and very clean. It was private and I loved it! The bed is also soft and pleasant, so I'm leaving good memories with my family!! Butler binh, who is in charge of our room, was also very kind and helpful!
Responded Oct 9, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas, Thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your recent stay! We are delighted to hear that you had a wonderful experience with us. We take great pride in providing excellent service and comfortable accommodations, and it's rewarding to know that you found your room to be spacious, clean, and private. A good night's sleep is essential, and we are thrilled that you enjoyed our comfortable bed. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to Butler Binh, who will be pleased to hear that he contributed to making your stay memorable. Our team strives to go above and beyond to ensure our guests have a pleasant and enjoyable time with us. Once again, thank you for your positive feedback, and we hope to have the pleasure of hosting you and your family again in the future. Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas O peration Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Road55575543444 wrote a review Oct 2023
thank you to Butler Binh
I would like to say thank you to Butler Binh, he is nice and kind, my family had a great experience at furama villa. butler Binh helped me a lot. i will come back here in the future. the pool and the beach is so beautiful
Responded Oct 8, 2023
Xin chào from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience and positive feedback about your stay with us. We're delighted that Butler Binh provided you with excellent service and a friendly demeanor, enhancing your overall experience. Your satisfaction is our utmost priority, and we're glad to have met your expectations. It's great to know that you enjoyed the pool and that there are many nearby amenities, including the beach. We take pride in being a top-notch destination for capturing memorable photos Thank you once again for choosing to stay with us, and we look forward to welcoming you back for another exceptional stay in the future. If there's anything else we can do to make your next visit even better, please let us know. Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Seaside21361779416 wrote a review Oct 2023
My experiences
I would like to say thank you to Butler Binh and Butler Hieu, they was very nice. The beaches and the pools were so nice, restaurants is very great. The garden is so beautiful . I will come back here in the future
Responded Oct 5, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you very much for your kind words! We are delighted to hear that you had a wonderful experience with Furama Villas from start to finish. It's great to know that you enjoyed the pool and that there are many nearby amenities, including the beach Our team takes pride in providing polite and helpful service, and we're happy that their efforts made your stay stress-free and enjoyable. Your compliments to butler Binh and Hieu are truly a great source of motivation for them to try harder every day We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back in the future for another great experience! Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Curiosity59220711946 wrote a review Oct 2023
예쁜 켱관과 수영 시설
전체적인 서비스 및 특히 수영장과 경관이 좋았어요. 꼭 다시 오고 싶어요. I would like to thank mrHieu and Mr.Truong . The villas beautiful and the pool very so good. I will come back in the next time. I love furma villas Da nang...
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your experience with us. We're thrilled to hear that you had a great stay at our Furama Villas. It's wonderful that you enjoyed our fitness center, swimming pool, and landscape with ancient trees. Our staff members, including butler Truong and Hieu, take pride in providing friendly and attentive service to ensure your comfort and satisfaction. We hope you had a memorable and relaxing time during your stay, and we look forward to welcoming you back to our resort in the future. We have many special offers for repeater guests like you at V- sense Spa, Cafe Indochine, and Danaksara. Warmest greetings, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Resort03969483743 wrote a review Oct 2023
Thank you to Butler Binh so much
I’m very happy when I stay at Furama. furama villa is so beautiful. I had a chance to experience every here including pools, beaches, restaurants. I would like to say thank you to Butler Binh, he was nice and kind. Thank Mr Binh so much
Responded Oct 6, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your experience with us. We're thrilled to hear that you had a great stay at our Furama Villas. It's wonderful that you enjoyed our pool, beach, and restaurant. Our staff members, including your host butler Binh, take pride in providing friendly and attentive service to ensure your comfort and satisfaction. On this occasion, we would like to introduce to you the enticing destinations at our resort if you have the opportunity to return. - Located within the beautiful sea-facing tropical garden of Furama Resort Da Nang, V-Senses Wellness & Spa - a leading healthcare brand in Vietnam, is honored to have received numerous prestigious awards from the reputable organization, Haute Grandeur Global Awards 2023. - Don Cipriani's restaurant has been chosen in the top 10% of best restaurants worldwide We look forward to welcoming you back for another exceptional stay in the future Best Regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Yongmin K wrote a review Oct 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh so much
My villa p34, i had a great experiences, i really like swimming pool, because it's so great, Butler Binh is so nice and helpful. He took care my family during my trip at Furama villa. I will come back here in the future
Dear valued guest, We're delighted to hear that you had such a wonderful experience during your stay at Furama Villas. It's great to know that you enjoyed everything so much. Butler Binh truly appreciates your kind words and is pleased to have been of assistance during your stay. We'll make sure to pass on your compliments to him. On this occasion, we would like to introduce to you the enticing destinations at our resort if you have the opportunity to return -Located within the beautiful sea-facing tropical garden of Furama Resort Da Nang, V-Senses Wellness & Spa - a leading healthcare brand in Vietnam, is honored to have received numerous prestigious awards from the reputable organization, Haute Grandeur Global Awards 2023. -Don Cipriani's restaurant has been chosen in the top 10% of best restaurants worldwide We look forward to welcoming you back to Furama whenever you decide to visit again. Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Randal V wrote a review Oct 2023
Great resort and friendly staff
This is a great resort. There are 100 villas (we stayed in one on the beach that had its own pool). The staff are nice and friendly. Our host butler was Binh and also Hieu helped to check us in. There is a lot of walking from the villa to the restaurants but the paths are beautiful and it is a nice walk. We can also take a buggy when we don’t feel like walking.
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your experience with us. We're thrilled to hear that you had a great stay at our Furama Villas. It's wonderful that you enjoyed your beachfront villa with its private pool. Our staff members, including butler Binh and Hieu, take pride in providing friendly and attentive service to ensure your comfort and satisfaction. We appreciate your feedback regarding the walking paths, and we're delighted to know that you found the surroundings beautiful. We hope you had a memorable and relaxing time during your stay, and we look forward to welcoming you back to our resort in the future. Warmest greetings, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Flyer52819442984 wrote a review Oct 2023
My manager, HIEU is very kind and polite. When i send a meassage qiukely.
It is very good codition villas and my manager is kind and polite. It is very clean here!! Aircondition is very good!! So cool haha l love here!!! The swimming pool is good to swim and clean. Recommend!!
Responded Oct 2, 2023
Xin chao from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you for sharing your positive feedback about your stay at our villas and your experience with our butler - HIEU. We're delighted to hear that you've had such a pleasant stay and that HIEU has been helpful and attentive to your needs. We take great pride in maintaining the cleanliness and comfort of our villas, and it's wonderful to know that you found them to be in excellent condition. It's also great to hear that the air conditioning has been keeping you cool during your stay and that you're enjoying the swimming pool facilities. Your recommendation means a lot to us, and we truly appreciate your kind words. We hope you continue to enjoy your time with our V-sense Spa, Cafe Indochine restaurant, and we look forward to hosting you again in the future. Sincerely, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Pioneer52726453264 wrote a review Sep 2023
Thanks to butler Binh
I had a good experiences at furama villa. Everything was good. Butler Binh took care my family, he was nice and helpful. He visited my family everyday. The pool and beaches are beauriful. My villa is so cevenient. I will come back here
Date of stay: September 2023
Responded Oct 1, 2023
Dear valued guest, We're delighted to hear that you had such a wonderful experience during your stay at Furama Villas. It's great to know that you enjoyed everything so much. Butler Binh truly appreciates your kind words and is pleased to have been of assistance during your stay. We'll make sure to pass on your compliments to him. We look forward to welcoming you back to Furama whenever you decide to visit again. Butler Binh and the entire Furama team will be here to ensure you have another memorable and enjoyable stay. Thank you again for choosing Furama Villas! Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
Yu Chung C
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Paradise19331676400
Road55575543444
Seaside21361779416
Curiosity59220711946
Resort03969483743
Yongmin K
Randal V
Flyer52819442984
Pioneer52726453264
2
5
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
