Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Balconies
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
Open-air room service, beautiful views, and starry nights included.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
9 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Balcony
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"Food was great (lots os variety), rooms were comfortable and well appointed with excellent balcony views."
"We enjoyed the views, lunch by the large and beautiful pools, but most of all the time to relax in our room and from the balcony."
Top Rated
2. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#2 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"Staffs are excellent, warm greeting and friendly, i like the balcony very much, it’s quite large enough for a family 6 to 8 member have dinner there."
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
3. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#3 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"The breakfast was good enough and the ocean view balcony was lovely."
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
4. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#4 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"We arrived 20 min before the opening after a long night in the bus and the waitress let us sit on the terrace and took our order already."
"A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the first..."
5. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#5 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
6. The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
#6 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
7. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#7 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
8. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#8 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
9. Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
#9 Best Value of 9 Halong Bay Hotels with Balconies
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Balconies
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Varkala Town
Let the beautiful coastal town of Varkala melt your worries and tensions away. Varkala’s peaceful seaside cliffs adjoin the Arabian Sea, setting the scene for several water spouts and wellness spas. The waters lapping at Papanasam beach are considered to have holy, sin-cleansing properties, and the nearby Ayurveda treatment center will cleanse what the ocean missed.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Cirali
The biggest attraction here are the flames coming out of vents in the mountainside. According to legend, the monster Chimera, which had three fire-spewing heads, was chased by the Lycian hero Bellerophon on his winged horse Pegasus. He killed the monster, but the fire-spewing heads fell on the mountain where they still burn.
Pushkar
Yamanakako-mura
Hervey Bay
Troodos Mountains
Tamworth
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Quiet Hotels
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Private BalconyHotels & Motels
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Highly recommend to choose a room with ocean view (also the balcony is recommended as well) because we spent several mornings just relaxing at our balcony with a breathtaking view."
"It boasts beautiful views from the balconies and beaches, and its architecture, including the unique bridges, is quite impressive."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Clean and quiet room, balcony of beautiful view, oustside swimming pool, tasty buffet, and especially the staff are verrry helpful and friendly!"
"The best thing about it is that it has balcony that I can have fresh air anytime I want without walking out of my room."
Visit hotel website
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very comfortable rooms with balconies and 2 lovely pools, one in the roof which is great to watch the sunset."
"The hotel is located next to the best beach on the island, the view from my balcony was gorgeous."
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
3.3 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
"The hotel was lovely. We were only there for one night before getting on a cruise to the Ha Long Bay Islands. It is slightly more pricey than other hotels in Vietnam but it was an ideal location for the cruise..."
The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
3.1 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places..."
"This is the second time i stay at this hotel. The hotel is very new and clean, the staff is friendly. The breakfast is quite delicious, especialy Chicken Pho. I'm very satisfied an will come back next December."
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
13.6 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"the hotel has a quite large balcony."
"I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated, they're..."
D'lecia HA Long
30 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"You cannot expect more for a hotel for such a low price (we paid 35 USD a night). Nice and clean rooms, good service in a quiet location. The breakfast was mixed but with good freshly made omelett from the..."
"Located in the quieter side of Ha Long. Perfectly situated near decent restaurants and a great gym across the street. Breakfast was tasty and service was great. The room was perfect for me and my wife. Bed was..."
The Yacht Hotel by DC
33 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The rooms are spacious, and if you opt for a balcony room, you'll enjoy a beautiful view of Halong Bay."
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Private Balcony
A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
1.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The massage was wonderful and just what I needed. My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was..."
"Lovely hotel. Really attentive staff. Nice environment. The view of the sea and mountains is very beautiful. Room and amenities: clean and complete. The pool is beautiful with a gorgeous view. Staff: extremely..."
Elysinam Boutique Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#16 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"However, i guess we should have booked a room with a balcony from where my daughter could take more photos of sunset."
"The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who..."
Harmony Halong Hotel
2 reviews
4.6 miles from Halong Bay
#24 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center..."
Purple Lotus Hotel
62 reviews
46.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"I have stayed in some hotel in Haiduong and found this one was the best . Room cozy, clean and service is good.Staff friendly and professional.The girl from sales apartment was very thoughtful and kind with me when..."
"Good service and quick responsibility. You can request car from hotel to pick up at airport. Breakfast is good - variety of foods Room : clean and big room Staff : high service and 24 hours Location : have..."
Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
3 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more..."
"Very new, spotless clean, modern room design and nice building and the whole area, just being built. Few cafes around there. Love the architecture of the buildings. Location was perfect, 10-15 min walk to the old..."
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"We chose the 2 br oceanview and all rooms had amazing views, with the lounge having a balcony along with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay."
"The views from the Bayview room are excellent, with a nice little balcony and a door that opens to enjoy the fresh air."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Matches:Private Balcony
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
In Halong Bay
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The ambience on the ship was gigantic, the suite was great, separate terrace, shower, beds, safe, sofa - everything was there."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Balconies information
Hotels with Balconies Halong Bay
9
Hotels with Balconies Prices From
$15
Hotels with Balconies Reviews
2,600
Hotels with Balconies Photos
3,163
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with balconies
What are the best hotels with balconies near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with balconies in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with balconies in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with balconies in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with balconies in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with balconies in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with balconies in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with balconies in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
Do any hotels with balconies in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with balconies in Halong Bay have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
9 of 474
Food was great (lots os variety), rooms were comfortable and well appointed with excellent balcony views.
Food was great (lots os variety), rooms were comfortable and well appointed with
excellent balcony
views.
We enjoyed the views, lunch by the large and beautiful pools, but most of all the time to relax in our room and from the balcony.
We enjoyed the views, lunch by the large and beautiful pools, but most of all the time to relax in our room and from the
balcony
.
Staffs are excellent, warm greeting and friendly, i like the balcony very much, it’s quite large enough for a family 6 to 8 member have dinner there.
Staffs are excellent, warm greeting and friendly, i like the
very much, it’s quite large enough for a family 6 to 8 member have dinner there.
The breakfast was good enough and the ocean view balcony was lovely.
The breakfast was good enough and the
ocean view balcony
was lovely.
We arrived 20 min before the opening after a long night in the bus and the waitress let us sit on the terrace and took our order already.
We arrived 20 min before the opening after a long night in the bus and the waitress let us sit on the
terrace
and took our order already.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Highly recommend to choose a room with ocean view (also the balcony is recommended as well) because we spent several mornings just relaxing at our balcony with a breathtaking view.
Highly recommend to choose a room with ocean view (also the
is recommended as well) because we spent several mornings just relaxing at our
with a breathtaking view.
It boasts beautiful views from the balconies and beaches, and its architecture, including the unique bridges, is quite impressive.
It boasts beautiful views from the
balconies
and beaches, and its architecture, including the unique bridges, is quite impressive.
Clean and quiet room, balcony of beautiful view, oustside swimming pool, tasty buffet, and especially the staff are verrry helpful and friendly!
Clean and quiet room,
of beautiful view, oustside swimming pool, tasty buffet, and especially the staff are verrry helpful and friendly!
The best thing about it is that it has balcony that I can have fresh air anytime I want without walking out of my room.
The best thing about it is that it has
that I can have fresh air anytime I want without walking out of my room.
Very comfortable rooms with balconies and 2 lovely pools, one in the roof which is great to watch the sunset.
Very comfortable rooms with
and 2 lovely pools, one in the roof which is great to watch the sunset.
The hotel is located next to the best beach on the island, the view from my balcony was gorgeous.
The hotel is located next to the best beach on the island, the view from my
was gorgeous.
the hotel has a quite large balcony.
the hotel has a quite
large balcony
The rooms are spacious, and if you opt for a balcony room, you'll enjoy a beautiful view of Halong Bay.
The rooms are spacious, and if you opt for a
balcony room
, you'll enjoy a beautiful view of Halong Bay.
Missing:
However, i guess we should have booked a room with a balcony from where my daughter could take more photos of sunset.
However, i guess we should have booked a room with a
from where my daughter could take more photos of sunset.
We chose the 2 br oceanview and all rooms had amazing views, with the lounge having a balcony along with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay.
We chose the 2 br oceanview and all rooms had amazing views, with the lounge having a
along with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay.
The views from the Bayview room are excellent, with a nice little balcony and a door that opens to enjoy the fresh air.
The views from the Bayview room are excellent, with a nice little
and a door that opens to enjoy the fresh air.
The ambience on the ship was gigantic, the suite was great, separate terrace, shower, beds, safe, sofa - everything was there.
The ambience on the ship was gigantic, the suite was great,
separate terrace
, shower, beds, safe, sofa - everything was there.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
