Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Thien Hai Son 2 Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
Vien Hotel
Hai Duong Hotel
Quoc Trung Hotel
65 Hung Vuong Hotel
1 review
#75 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Viet Phuc Hotel
Linh Phuong 1 Hotel
Casa Inn Hostel
20 reviews
#14 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Casa Inn was incredible. The staff were some of the friendliest and most helpful I have come across. I honestly appreciated getting to know them and they taught me so much about Vietnam. It was clean, the rooms had..."
"The service at Casa Inn hostel was fantastically good. The hosts helped us with figuring out our complicated busroute to Nam Cat Tien. The atmosphere was lovely and the shared dorm with two bathrooms was clean and..."
Homestay Chez Moi
11 reviews
#27 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We booked in this home stay through the tour operator Tonkin Travels. The tour consultant had never told us that the home stay can be reached only by boat or two wheeler. We reached the ferry at about 7.30 pm and..."
Nam Mon 2 The Boutique Hotel
#54 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The hotel itself very new and modern designed every rooms, personnel are friendly too. Try yourself and leave your comment... Sea Food and drink beside the hotel must visit, German dark beer can find it over there..."
Hai Trieu Hotel
Mai Nhan 3 Hotel
Tan Nhut Minh 1 Hotel
Duy's Home
Mekong Palm House
5 reviews
#26 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"As travel/lifestyle instagrammers, we really enjoyed staying there. The room/apartment was clean and really spacious and this is for us really appreciated as we do have a lot of suitcases while traveling for our..."
"A whole appartement with everything you could ask for. In a nice an calm area with big luxury houses and near an old, traditional village by the river - perfect for biking. What especially stands out is the owner..."
Hoang Nhung Hotel
Cantho Eco Resort
2 reviews
#48 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Bich Phuong Hotel
54 Homestay
#43 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Excellent Room, just basic but really beautiful and tidy. The location also perfect, near the Ninh Kieu Wharf, just take you arround 5 minutes by walking. The price was also Reasonable. Lovely i will return!"
NAIIE MEKONG
73 reviews
#9 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Stayed for 2 nights. Super friendly owner, allowing to check in at 7am :) friendly family, good wifi and always happy to help with anything you ask. I was fortunate to have whole room to myself due to low season as..."
"Good value for money at this hostel but what really makes it is the great staff. They arranged a really good tour for us on a Vietnamese boat (so only about £6) and dropped us off. They also hosted a spring roll..."
Quyen's House
Luxhome - Vinhome Hotel & Travel Company
Shalom Villa
Hotel Huu Vinh
Yen house
#28 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Yen is the perfect host. We got on a tour to the floating markets and got picked up at 5:30 am and she got up for making us a wonderful breakfast. Rooms are comfy, clean and there is everything you need. Absolute..."
"The owner bent over backwards- rushed our laundry so we could get it before we left, let us borrow her personal motorbike for an hour to grab dinner, helped us book a bus ticket and Mekong delta trip for cheap. The..."
Hotel Truong Tuan 6
Lime Hostel - Ninh Kieu Center
Lime Hostel
Quoc Thanh Hotel
Phuong Tran Hotel
#30 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice room with a swimming pool in the rooftop. Very spacious with a hall and a bedroom separately. Washing machine, lounge space, small kitchen, oven all the things were available to use. Very good in this price and..."
"This hotel just open for few days ago, it s a great location, just few meters away from the bus station. So when you arrive, you don t need any taxi. The rooms are very bright with Windows, the bed is very large..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
7
8
9
10
11
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
