Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
akeyaranu
London, UK155 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
One Day trip is plenty of time (also, book yourself)
Dec 2014 • Couples
We joined one of the tours, but you can get it much cheaper if you have a look around, rather than going through a tour. They will quote at least $50 for a day trip, plus $8 extra if you want to kayak, but you can get it for around $20. The actual cruise is about $5, and you'll see the prices once you get to the bay, so pretty much all of your money will go on transport from Hanoi to the bay and back.

On the way there and back you will make a short stop at one of the "service stations", don't buy anything there, as the prices are hiked 10 fold. You will find exactly the same, but cheaper in the actual city (a small pack of M&Ms was $7, to give you an idea).
The food was pretty reasonable, but all seafood and a rogue chicken dish. You can request a vegetarian option, and you'll get some buns (I'd recommend going with it even if you aren't vegetarian- just for the buns). You'll have to pay for drinks, but they're reasonably priced.
If you've been to Thailand and around Guilin/Yangshuo in China, then the rock formations will look the same.
We made two stops, one for kayaking, which was pretty fun, though you won't be allowed to go on the islands, and the second to visit a cave, which was a much better experience than caves in China.
A lot of tour guides and hotel staff seem surprised when you only book a day trip, saying that you should go for 2 or 3 days. They claim that they have a lot of activities planned for those staying over night, like karaoke and fishing, and I think on one of the trips you're allowed to go an hike around one of the islands, but none of those seemed particularly appealing, so we opted out for a one day, which I found to be plenty, personally. But the tour guides will remind you of your poor judgement throughout the trip.
Written January 4, 2015
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
fingers&toes
San Francisco32 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Exorbitant cost, waaay overrated experience
Apr 2014 • Couples
We loved Vietnam and I used TA reviews religiously to plan our trip, but in this case I let those reviews overrule my gut feeling — that a Halong Bay cruise would be a costly mistake. What drove me was my worry that we'd regret not going and never know if we'd made a mistake. So that was the first error in judgment. The second was booking a "luxury" cruise knowing that it isn't our traveling style. But I wasn't aware of any other options. If it were possible, I would have liked to take a 2-hour ride on a small boat with a guide and call it a day. (Also, the 4-hour journey from Hanoi is long and the scenery unremarkable.)
We chose the highly rated Indochina Sails because we wanted the experience to be as positive as possible. But it just felt so fakey and not Vietnamese, aimed at pleasing Western tastes and palates. The boat was way too big for the number of people on it. The food was fine, but a few months later I don't remember it at all.
There were a few tours off the boat, one to see the floating village (the residents obviously were used to tourists coming by, and I'm guessing/hoping they are compensated in some way, but it was as if they were on display). We also walked through a cave and climbed to a lookout (400-something stairs) with tons of other tourists. Both sites were interesting, but I was so hot I thought I'd fall over. And this was in April, not even summer! But that's just me, maybe.
So in the end, I very much regret having spent a large sum of money, over $430 (plus drinks on the boat) for the experience. We don't spend that way, ever. It was especially incongruous since Vietnam is so affordable and we stayed in beautiful hotels for under $50/night! I guess the pricing is what the market will bear. My advice to anyone who thinks like me: follow your instincts. The photos of Halong Bay are lovely, and that should be enough.
Written December 30, 2014
chris_phillips_79
Brisbane, Australia13 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Over promised and under delivered
Oct 2014 • Couples
One of the biggest problems with booking tours in Vietnam is the tour agencies. None of them have the same prices so it's hard to know what you are getting, and they always tell you it includes everything you ask for, but it doesn't.
If you book Halong Bay do yourself a favour and book the 4 star as I haven't heard anyone complain about it yet. Almost everyone we met had a rubbish experience on the 2 star.
If your budget is like ours and you have to take the cheaper option you absolutely must shop around. We paid US$95 for the 3 day trip and another guy paid $85 and some paid $135. The guy who paid $85 had the bungalow on the island included as well, you want the bungalow as the hotel sucks. Probably the most important thing you need to do when booking is get the tour operator to write everything that you want included on the ticket. This can include free alcohol, free water, kayaking, rock climbing, trip to monkey island and yes the night in the bungalow (make sure they write the word bungalow or you will end up in the hotel). I would also suggest you take a photo of the brochure so you can read back over what should be included and also show the guides, and take a photo of your ticket, in case it goes missing.
My last bit of advice is avoid the boat Dragon Pearl, it has a lean to one side and smells like poo, the staff are really unfriendly and don't really want you there. Also take water with you, it's expensive on the boats.
Halong Bay is the worst tour I have ever been on, but it doesn't have to be if you know what to expect.
Written November 21, 2014
Star1126
1 contribution
Silk frauds on a Halong Bay cruise
Jul 2014 • Solo
I booked a one day Halong Bay cruise in July, the tour operator was South Pacific Travel. On our way to Halon Bay we stopped at "ABC" shopping center/restaurant in Dong Trieu, Quang Ninh. I bought three ladies kimonoes which by the sales person
were 100% silk. There were also big signs advertising sales items to be "silk". The kimonoes have also labels 100% silk. While another sales assistant was wrapping them up, I was taken on a tour around the shop. So it was only in the evening when back in the hotel I discovered those gowns were fakes, 100% polyester.
I contacted the shop but they insisted those gowns are indeed 100% vietnamese silk. And of course they refused to refund $100 I paid. I suggested I would send those fakes back so that they could replace them with real silk but was told they will not replace used items. Well, I haven't used them and I never will.
As for the cruise: even though it was low season the bay and the cave were overcowded. Lunch was served but the quality of vegetarian choise was poor. Boat was not as luxury as in pictures and the ladders which were used to climb on/off the boat were shaky and dangerous.
The whole tour was a huge disappointment. In my opinion there is no reason to to Halong Bay, especially if you have been to Krabi, Thailand. The scenery very much alike.
Written September 17, 2014
lisaLakeMacquarie
Lake Macquarie, Australia5 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Dragon Pearl trip on Halong Bay
Aug 2014 • Solo
After experiencing two other trips to Halong Bay, Indochina's Dragon Pearl's 2 night cruise was amazing. The cruise takes you to Bai Tu Long Bay, the outer part of Halong Bay where there is no other tourists. They have very attentive friendly staff who cater to your every need. Each meal we were served were about 8-9 courses and they catered for vegetarians/vegans. This is an exceptional cruise as it takes you to their own private island/beach and you spend time away from other tourists just being out on the water to enjoy the peace and beauty of this special place. We had a 9 course dinner in a candlelit cave, the only cruise that does this on Halong Bay. It was so beautiful and a once in a lifetime experience. I would definitely recommend this cruise to anyone who wanted something extra special. I would have been thrilled to have spent more time with them.
Written September 7, 2014
DonCesar
Nuremberg, Germany2,030 contributions
Trash
Karst in the sea. Still my favorites were the ones in Guilin, China here they are not as pointy or unnatural. These are in the sea and that gives room for boat trips, which is great, if only they kept the sea in a better condition, it's painful to see.
Regarding the cruises: In my opinion all the boats are similar, go to the activities area and see the reputation of the companies there. Keep in mind that there is 3 different things involved: the agency, the cruise organizers, and the boat. Your experience and price will change depending on these 3 things.
Written September 3, 2014
Carolinetravels2
Calgary, Canada306 contributions
Princess Junk, Halong Bay
Mar 2014 • Couples
We spent a lovely night on a private junk in Halong Bay, unfortunately the weather didn't cooperate, but the service provided by the Princess Junk crew more than made up for it. The gorgeous dark wood cabin was romantic and had an ensuite bathroom complete with nice shower. We spent as much time on the deck as possible but it was chilly, the crew were more than accommodating at providing blankets to make us comfortable. The meals were to die for! Mostly 6 courses, lots of fresh seafood, and all presented as a piece of art. We were able to do a little kayaking, visited a cave, and saw a floating village, all in the rain, but again our guide, and the staff were all very up beat and it made for a great experience. I would love to go back one day, and I would definitely go with Princess Junk!
Written June 9, 2014
Peter D
Dublin111 contributions
World Heritage Site
May 2014 • Family
You can't go to Vietnam without visiting the beautiful Halong Bay. It is spectacular. We took a three hour trip around it with a lovely fish lunch on board the boat. A wonderful day out.
Written June 5, 2014
Susan Neilson
New Canaan, CT5 contributions
Pearl Factory
Mar 2014 • Friends
Our guide on a Ha Long Bay cruise arranged by our ship Regent Seven Seas Voyager told us about the pearl business in this area. We wanted to go to the pearl farms but that was more than 3 hours away. At our request though he arranged a taxi to take us to one of the pearl factories nearby -Viet Hung Pearl Plaza. We quibbled on the fare - he wanted $80 we agreed to $28, $7 each for the 4 ladies who wanted to go. The taxi arrived on time at the pier after lunch. Viet Hung Pearl Plaza is just on the outskirts of Ha Long. A modern, immaculate building with several attractive showrooms selling pearls and and products. Lots of Pearl jewelry was display attractively. We were welcomed by several of the sales staff. Each salesperson had a couple of young women who assisted in the sales process- holding your coat, putting on the pearls, holding the mirror, etc. We all bought something after negotiating. The 2 main salesmen, Rick and John, spoke excellent English, were very cordial and professional but had a good sense of humor about the negotiating. I did not intend to look for pearls in Vietnam but believe I purchased a lovely strand of 13mm multi color pastel pearls with a magnificent luster Nancy Pelosi would wear them I'm sure. I will have the necklace appraised to confirm my purchase. This business does not have a website listed on its brochure, so it doesnt't qualify for its own listing on TripAdvisor. I wanted to get the name out their so am reviewing it under Ha Long Bay itself. Address is DC: Khu 3. (Cho Vuon Dao) - TP, Ha Long - Quang Ninh, Vietnam. telephone is 0333.511.366. Fax: 0333.511.689. Gave the brochure to Desination Services on Regent. Hope they add this shop to a tour.
Written March 9, 2014
namalada
New York City, NY18 contributions
Halong Dragon Cruise (deluxe) - 2day, 1night with APT travel
Dec 2013 • Solo
This tour was booked for me by the sales agent at my hotel (TIME HOTEL in Hanoi). Ms Anna was insisting that i book 2 day instead of 1 day. i didn't need much convincing actually. And in the end i wish i could've done 3 days! so thank yo miss anna :-)
i think i lucked out. the whole experience was fantastic.
i was picked up at the hotel at 830am (they picked me up last :-)) and then we were off on about 3hr bus ride to Halong Bay. It passed quite fast. With a 30min stop at some store to allow us to buy souvenirs. Although this may seem like an inconvenience to us, it's a necessity for the drivers to have a break, eat something and use the facilities. Us too i guess. The guide was very funny and nice. Duk or Daniel as he asked us to call him. But then he explained to me that I wouldn't be in his group :-(. since i was doing a 2 day tour i would be transferred to a different group when we arrived at Halong Bay. Bummer. I thought he was so funny.
It was a little chaotic when we arrived at the ferry terminal. so many tourists getting bussed there. don't be alarmed. the bay is big enough to handle all of you. Daniel took me to a guy wearing an interesting hat (a green hard safari hat!) and said, stay with him. this is the captain of your boat. the captain motioned to me to stay put and went off somewhere. i was a little panicked but i didn't need to be. Daniel came back to get me and introduced me to my new tour guide and group. whew. and we were off.
took small speed boats from Ferry to our Cruise. the Cruise itself looks unimpressive from the outside but is great inside. beautiful maintained in the guest area. lovely crew of young Vietnamese guys (i felt bad when i found out they were away from their families for long periods while they worked on the boats). i lucked out and got a private (i had requested a double with any other female...but since there wasn't one to match up with me i got the fab single). they also provide me with a gorgeous plate of fresh fruit (i thought everyone got it!). MMMMM. the food on the boat was fabulous. we were provided lunch and dinner on first day and breakfast and lunch on second day. the group on the boat was a quieter crowd. it fit me perfectly. as the single traveller i was put at the table with a family from Indonesia. they were sooo lovely. the upper deck was fabulous. in warm weather i can see how this would be amazing. even in the cold i loved it.
our activities were packed in day 1. but i was glad for it. because next day we were able to really take it easy. we visited the caves (with hoards of other tourists...maybe doing this first thing on day 2 would be better), then hiked to top of t-top mt. fabulous views. saw the beginnings of the sunset. well worth the 400+ steps in my opinion. and finally kayaked in a luon cave. all good.
second day woke up and watched sunrise and enjoyed the leisurely cruise around the bay. we were all saying how fabulous this whole experience was and that we'd have loved to stay another day. after breakfast (which was my least favorite meal because it was eggs and toast) we visited a pearl farm and then started to head back to port.
we had a bit of a wait for our bus to arrive (traffic). but there was a nearby restaurant where we were all able to hang out and chat while we waited. Miss Anna had arranged for them to drop me off on the way to Hanoi so that I could take a cab direct to the airport. I was flying out at 8pm that day. they dropped me off around 4pm and so i made it with plenty of time.
i highly recommend this tour company. APT travel and the Halong Dragon Cruise. As i mention i did the deluxe tour. they also have superior tour (i'm not sure the difference). I paid 95USD for the 2 day/1night trip.
Written January 7, 2014
1
…
37
38
39
Showing results 371-380 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
London, UK
155 contributions
transparency report
San Francisco
32 contributions
Brisbane, Australia
13 contributions
Lake Macquarie, Australia
5 contributions
2,030 contributions
Calgary, Canada
306 contributions
Dublin
111 contributions
New Canaan, CT
New York City, NY
18 contributions
