Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Momizi Hotel Hai Phong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
In Hai Phong
#58 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"that was funny trip , room equipment normal but the staff is good .They are really nice, thought im gona die when i got stomachache but the guy he gave me menth for free and take care me of me .Got dam..n you save..."
"it was a wonderful trip，thought I was alone in Vietnam，but I stayed with the hotel staffs a lot，we talked and ate，I didn't feel lonely.The staff can speak English is really good，I have stayed at the hotel above 30..."
GreenHome Hotel
0 reviews
Viet Trung Hotel
1 review
#119 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The "Hotel" is - etremely loud!!! - it is impossible to sleep without earplugs. - WiFi is absolutely not working. - after a shower the bathroom is under water and you can swim - no toilet paper. - used..."
Emerald Hotel Cát Bà
#124 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2..."
Lavender Hotel Hai Phong
#87 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The room facilities are pretty basic. No safe or fridge in my room. Two windows facing a wall 30 cm away so no natural light. But the place is clean and in a good state of repair. Odd area, not many tourist. Hardly..."
Du Commerce Hotel
2 reviews
#108 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As at November 2009, Hotel Du Commerce appears to be no more. Redevelopment was going on, so it's possible that a replacement will be built. Alternatives (Monaco, Huu Nghi, Kim Thanh), are nearby."
"The hotel in Hanoi booked this hotel in Haiphong for us upon our request. It is located in a large colonial building just down the street from a museum. When we walked into the lobby in order to check in at the..."
The Quin Hotel
Hoa Phuong Hotel
#89 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"with the price of $22/per night is not cheap but not too high cuz the room here is large, inside toilet, and it's very clean the hotel is located near the canal, right at the corner, so it's very quiet, windy and..."
Ngọc Sơn Hotel
Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#38 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
Visit hotel website
Khách Sạn 102
Noblesse Hotel
#127 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Classic Hoang Long
22 reviews
#123 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often..."
"What a bizarre place booked by a friend on my behalf by mistake, only 2 nights but really weird lots of clutter with tacky ornaments each too there own, if you look at the photos and think thats ok then this is..."
Hung Anh Hotel
#93 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We enjoyed our visit to Hai Phong very much. The hotel was well-situated, and the hotel staff were very kind. I was impressed by how they helped us when we were in a bit of a pickle. We enjoyed the view from our..."
Lake View Memory Hostel
Khach San Hoa Ban
Madelise Hotel & Apartment
#72 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"We stayed here for a whole month while visiting and vacationing in Vietnam and made Madelise hotel our base. It is a great hotel in a very convenient location with all the amenities needed for a comfortable stay..."
Merci Apartment And Homestay
#67 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Daiichi Hotel Cát Bà
Pham Ha Hotel
Sen Hotel Haiphong
6 reviews
#110 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Friendly kind old lady runs the hotel. Room per night is at a great price. Not much in the area for eats unless you're accustomed to cat and dog dishes (but hey it's Vietnam). Hotel doeant offer vehicle rentals, how..."
"Sen Hotel has two cute dogs and a friendly old couple. I was struggling to check in even after showing my booking details via email at reception with a picture of my passport. They wanted me to email my passport..."
H Tower Hotel
#98 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
SHP Plaza - Freyza Hotels
Do Son Villa - Villa of Bao Dai King
13.8 miles from Hai Phong
Cozi 9 Hotel
Tuan Linh Hotel
Legend Hotel
Win Win Hotel - Khach San Hai Phong
Bao Ngoc Hotel
#95 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"After a stay in a rather loud and noisy concrete hotel, we moved to this place. They had not many visitors. I could not i image why. It's a peacefull place. Nice room. Only the matrasses are a little hard. "
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
