Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
THE BEST Cheap Hotels on the Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:BeachfrontHotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
May House Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
4 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Hera Hotel
36 reviews
In Halong Bay
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
The Postcard Hotel
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
#91 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
0.4 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Lan Tuong Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
La Dolce Vita Hotel
#29 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Matches:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Missing:Beachfront
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Moc Tra Hotel
#14 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Sunlight Hotel
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Bach Dang Hotel
#94 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Southern Hotel
3 reviews
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"Like a prison. Staffed by incompetent fools. Beds like marble slabs. Noise level like a hammer factory. Remote location with no nearby amenities. A simple misunderstanding, completely their fault, led to 9 hours of..."
"Where to start. We arrived at midday and the place was locked up. After about 20 minutes of standing around someone opened up. Room was large and spacious with a balcony and view of the harbour and this is the only..."
Victory Halong Hotel
5 reviews
#9 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Nice hotel at the central of tourism area. The hotel close to the beach, we stay here for 2 days and we enjoy the time at here. The staff very helpful the give us so many information of Halong city. I will be back"
"I have a great time here in a short trip to Halong bay, it's such a great hotel in town! The furniture make me feel cozy and make this hotel being comfortable in atmosphere. The bed is very comfortable, room..."
Aroma Ha Long Hostel
17 reviews
#6 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We loved our stay!! Very relaxing and the staff were so good, the man who works In reception helped us with booking our trips and both man and woman staff every morning made us fresh breakfast served hot! Great..."
"Fantastic person and location ! And everything was so clean and comfortable. 👍😁 The free breakfast was so good and tasty. Then And also i could booked a cheaper tour for Ha long Bay. Thank you for everything! 😁"
Thuy Duong Hotel Ha Long
32 reviews
#66 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Room was dirty, had roaches, TV and outlets did not work, beds were bricks. The lobby had a running motorcycle giving of exhaust and people were asleep in there too. Gave two stars because at least the view from..."
"The woman and main owner is completely disinterested in helping you or conversing with you in any way. She stated she could not so our washing one day, for what reason I do not know why, she did not give me one. The..."
Sunsea Hotel
#6 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"The photo looked good but we were surprised to see that the hotel was still being built - there were rooms still incomplete. One floor had an open bathroom on the landing. There was no TV - not even Vietnamese..."
Top Rated
Guesthouse VIP Hoa Lan
16 reviews
#1 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I paid approximately £39 for three nights and had a great time staying here. The owner is called Lan and he is a very friendly guy that made me feel at home while I was there. My room was spacious with new..."
"We arrived in the middle of the night at 3am unannounced and the owner was so kind with us, he gave us a big room and took time to explain everything. Clean room, great vue. Can’t thank you enough for this last..."
Tuan Chau Marina Hotel
#3 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"I had a trip to Cong Cruise from Tuan Chau Island last month. I had a great there, thanks. The habour has many cruises around. Cong Cruise is nicest one that I had excellent experiences. Thank you all for the..."
"We were in a rush to find a hotel in Halong Bay in the evening and found this one on Booking.com. The prices were cheap and there were no reviews on this hotel, so we weren't expecting much, but we were not..."
Halong Buddy Inn & Travel
#29 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I stayed in this hostel for one night. Halong city is beautiful, and this hostel is located in a good location. Not too far from the amusement park with lots of cools shops and restaurants around it. The rooms are..."
"Very friendly and welcoming! Full body massage with hot stones by the most friendly lady is a must! Happy hour with free beer from 8-9pm for supper is nice. Food good. Stayed in room 502- Comfy beds and balcony"
Ho Tay Hotel
#47 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel in the center. Nothing to do in the city, except for the boat trips. Don't book any activities/trips/tours/bus tickets through this hotel. They ask 800.000 Dong per person for a sleeping bus ticket to..."
"We went there on holidays, and the price seemed good at first, and a good location. However, we had many surprises : - the bed's matresses were so thin it was hurting us all night - the host gave us bad..."
Ruby Ha Long Hotel
#39 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The view is really beautiful. If you like being quiet , it's good decision. You can talk ,chat or do something with local people around here . They are friendly , helpful. The saff hotel are good , too. "
Central Halong Hotel
#17 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Never rent this thong nhat 2 agiain the worst hotel I never seen, WiFi not working in the room drop connection all the times WiFi has signal but can not get connect to internet Have to go to main floor to get..."
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Iris Hotel
#26 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff here are great and helped us a lot in preparation for our 1 night - 2 day trip to Ha Long Bay. They organised a private car transfer and day boat trip for US $72 per person (2 people traveling) which was..."
"Seemed to be a brand new hotel. Very clean, giant room and bathrooms, some toiletries provided, comfy bed, good wifi, quiet. In the city local type hotel... and very nice! They can set up tours and bus tickets..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Beach Hotels
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Kovalam
A beach town on the Arabian Sea in southern India, Kovalam features three spectacular crescent beaches. The most popular and largest beach is Lighthouse Beach, aptly named for its 30-meter lighthouse, which features a stunning site - the Vizhinjam mosque. For a less crowded beach, visit Samudra Beach, with ample coconut trees and great views of the local fishermen at work.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Southern Leyte Province
Chelyabinsk Oblast
Buyukada
Savonlinna
Akyarlar
Samos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
