Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Castaway Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Castaway Island
View map
Hotels near Castaway Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Ha Long Bay, Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Castaway Island
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
791 of 1,927 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Castaway Island

91. Wyndham Legend Halong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Castaway Island
#91 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
2023
92. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
8 Halong Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#92 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...”
Top Rated
93. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong | Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000, Vietnam
#93 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…”
94. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.7 miles from Castaway Island
#94 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.”
95. D'lecia HA Long
30 reviews
No. 38 Tan Mai Street, Dong Hung Thang, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
2.1 miles from Castaway Island
#95 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“You cannot expect more for a hotel for such a low price (we paid 35 USD a night). Nice and clean rooms, good service in a quiet location. The breakfast was mixed but with good freshly made omelett from the...”
96. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng | Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
2.3 miles from Castaway Island
#96 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...”
97. Hera Hotel
36 reviews
No 10 Cao Dat Street, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.8 miles from Castaway Island
#97 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...”
98. The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
Duong 25/04 | Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
2.5 miles from Castaway Island
#98 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...”
99. Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
Building S2, Lot Hh05, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#99 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.”
100. Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#100 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...”
101. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Castaway Island
#101 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
102. Lake Hills Hotel Halong
1 review
1086 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#102 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
103. Halios Hotel Halong
38 Nguyen Du, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Castaway Island
#103 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...”
104. Central Luxury Ha Long Hotel
9 reviews
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#104 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...”
105. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#105 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…”
106. Grand View Palace Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
Grand View Palace du_ng Tr_n thai tong T_ 6 Khu 6 Phu_ng Y_t Kieu | Tổ 6, Khu 6, Phường Yết Kiêu, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#106 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...”
107. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Castaway Island
#107 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…”
108. Lang Chai Hotel
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#108 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
109. Sunlight Hotel
88 Hung Thang Tourist area | Bai Chay, Hung Thang, Halong Bay, Vietnam
2.0 miles from Castaway Island
#109 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...”
110. Vuon Dao
5 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
#110 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…”
111. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang, Halong Bay 01108, Vietnam
2.9 miles from Castaway Island
#111 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...”
112. Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
To Hien Thanh | Tran Hung Dao Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
2.8 miles from Castaway Island
#112 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...”
113. Boston Hotel
3 reviews
22 Nguyen Thai Hoc Khu Do Thi Cienco 5 | Phuong Yet Kieu, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#113 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...”
114. Au Lac Resort
151 Le Loi Street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#114 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…”
115. Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
3.0 miles from Castaway Island
#115 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…”
Visit hotel website
116. Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
146 to Vinh Dien, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#116 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
117. The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
O So 1, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Castaway Island
#117 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…”
118. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#118 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. ”
119. Blue Sky Hotel
20 reviews
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#119 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...”
120. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#120 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Castaway Island
791 of 1,927 properties
Clear all filters
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Halong Bay 200000,
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from
our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong
Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000,
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and
tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000,
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean.
Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
No. 38 Tan Mai Street, Dong Hung Thang
Ha Long 01000,
You cannot expect more for a hotel for such a low price (we paid 35 USD a night). Nice and clean rooms, good service in a quiet location. The breakfast was mixed but with good freshly made omelett from the...
You cannot expect more for a hotel for such a low
price (we paid 35 USD a night). Nice and clean rooms, good service in a quiet location. The breakfast was mixed but with good freshly made omelett from the...
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng
Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ
Ha Long 200000,
Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
Great experience liked the facilities they
have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
No 10 Cao Dat Street
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this
hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
Duong 25/04
Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a
good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Building S2, Lot Hh05
Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
Very good view, model equipment, large parking
garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
10 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay,
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour
from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
1086 Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
38 Nguyen Du
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely
clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and
comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel
agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
Grand View Palace du_ng Tr_n thai tong T_ 6 Khu 6 Phu_ng Y_t Kieu
Tổ 6, Khu 6, Phường Yết Kiêu
The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...
The service quality was incredibly high and
quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The...
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is
excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang
88 Hung Thang Tourist area
Bai Chay
Hung Thang, Halong Bay,
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5
minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay
Halong Bay 8433,
there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
there is not much to say about. we had cold
shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang
Halong Bay 01108,
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is
very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
To Hien Thanh
Tran Hung Dao Ward
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves
as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
22 Nguyen Thai Hoc Khu Do Thi Cienco 5
Phuong Yet Kieu
Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...
Superb!!!Boston Hotel Firstly, it is very Clean
hotel,Great!!! amenities, Staff is really amazing they are very helpful. It is very acesible in all attractions in Halong Bay City,convenient store, atm,shopping...
151 Le Loi Street
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong
Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the
first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
146 to Vinh Dien
O So 1
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the
4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The
property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change
the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
