Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best Honeymoon Resorts
Honeymoon Resorts
Planning a romantic trip? These charming getaways are perfect for rekindling the spark.
Find your next getaway
Excellence Punta Cana
21,979
Uvero Alto, Caribbean
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
The Venetian Resort
34,537
Las Vegas, United States
Hotel Xcaret Mexico
12,654
Mexico
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
13,194
Grand Hyatt Baha Mar
7,464
Caribbean
Paris Las Vegas
38,245
Paradise, United States
Dreams Riviera Cancun Resort & Spa
12,104
Excellence Playa Mujeres
26,481
Playa Mujeres, Mexico
Things to know about Honeymoon Resorts
What are romantic resorts?
What are popular attractions of romantic resorts?
Are kids allowed at honeymoon resorts?
What are popular destinations for honeymoon resorts?
Sponsored Story
From Tripadvisor
5 unique honeymoon destinations
From Sumba, Indonesia, to Norway.
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's honeymoon resorts
Popular Islands
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Read more
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico offers the perfect balance of rum-soaked nightlife and tranquil retreat. The Spanish colonial buildings of San Juan set a perfect backdrop for a day of shopping and sightseeing. Hike the massive El Yunque rainforest to see waterfalls, stone towers, and colorful Puerto Rican wildlife. As far as beaches go, it doesn’t get better than the private sands of Isla de Vieques – particularly Mosquito Bay, where by moonlight the water glows blue-green thanks to magical microorganisms.
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Maui
The Hawaiian island of Maui is a destination for true nature lovers. The ethereal bamboo forest and churning waterfalls in Haleakala National Park can be explored via the Waimoku Falls Trail. Stretch out on warm, golden sands or hit the surf for an unforgettable windsurfing or snorkeling session. Driving the scenic road to Hana along the island’s northeastern shore will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. Time stands still at the Hawaiian village of Keanae, definitely worth a visit.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
Key West
Does time ever pass in the Florida Keys? Everyone and everything in Key West seems to go at its own pace, right down to the ice melting slooooowly in your margarita glass. Of course, it’s not all limes and leisure – Key West is known as the “Winter White House” because of its appeal to visiting U.S. presidents, and the island has been home to literary greats like Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams. The diving here is phenomenal, as is the kid-friendly Florida Keys Eco-Discovery Center.
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Bora Bora
Turquoise lagoons, soft white sands, and deep tangerine sunsets set the scene for romance on the island so nice they named it twice. Mingle with tropical fish as you flutter around Coral Gardens or Tupitipiti Point, or relax in a self-driving tour as you take in beautiful views of the once-volcanic Mount Otemanu. At the Lagoonarium you can watch shark feedings and swim with turtles. Cap it all off with a succulent meal at one of the island’s fine French restaurants, then sip a tropical cocktail under the stars.
Kauai
Relaxing and pristine Kauai (the Garden Island) is the least commercially developed of the Hawaiian islands. Waterfalls, scenic drives and more than 60 beaches dot the landscape. Some beaches have great snorkeling, others offer child-friendly tidal pools and some are perfect for all kinds of water sports. Dry-land activities include hiking the Kalalau Trail on the Na Pali coastline, taking a day trip to Waimea Canyon and experiencing life on a sugar plantation at Grove Farm Homestead Museum.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
St. Thomas
Like all of the U.S. Virgin Islands, St. Thomas has plenty of opportunities to lounge on the beach, splash in the sea, or amp it up with watersports. It also boasts a bountiful duty-free shopping scene – just be prepared to brave the cruise ship crowds. Charlotte Amalie swells with Danish colonial architecture and pirate legend. Shiver ye timbers at Blackbeard’s Castle, then work up an appetite by climbing the historic 99 Steps, constructed from the ballast bricks of 18th century Danish ships.
Madeira
Breezy Madeira is an eponymous island in the Madeira Islands, a Portuguese archipelago. The capital city of Funchal was settled in the 15th century and is a colorful collection of gardens, religious sites, and quirky tourist attractions like the thatched-roof Madeira Story Centre. Hike to the summit of Pico Ruivo and you’ll feel like you’ve climbed through the clouds. Unwind over a glass of Madeira wine, an historic fortified beverage that’s musky and subtly sweet.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
Popular States
Hawaii
From volcanic landscapes to hidden waterfalls… active adventures to an energetic nightlife… a holiday on the Hawaiian Islands offers infinite experiences in one destination. Each of the six major islands – Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Maui, and the island of Hawaii – has its own distinct personality, but no matter which ones you choose, you’ll discover endless opportunities for adventure, dining, culture and relaxation.
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
Montana
No matter where you look in Montana, you’ll find unspoiled nature, charming small towns and relaxing hospitality. Explore Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks, then hit the road to discover more natural wonders. You can hike, bike or horseback ride through rugged mountain landscapes, fly-fish blue ribbon trout streams, paddle scenic rivers and lakes, or spend winter days carving fresh powder at ski resorts — then end your day wandering a vibrant main street or relaxing in a cozy lodge.
Texas
Texas has great beaches for bird watching, boating, and fishing. Plus golf courses, cowboy and high art culture, and a rich history. Bask on the beach and bird watch between golf games before, during, or after spring break in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Crystal Beach, or South Padre Island. Explore East Texas from Dallas to Tyler, Texarkana, Jefferson, and Nacogdoches. Enjoy golf and big city life in Dallas or Houston. Visit Galveston's coastal Strand. Tour West Texas and Hill Country from San Antonio, New Braunfels, Austin, and Fredericksburg to Amarillo and El Paso.
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
Virginia
Virginia can make American history come alive. Visit Thomas Jefferson’s Monticello, tour Civil War battlefields, explore the living history museum at Williamsburg… the possibilities are endless (if the kids object, break up the historical sightseeing with a visit to Busch Gardens). Arlington, site of Arlington National Cemetery, is just across the Potomac River from all the major sites in D.C. In addition to beaches and historical attractions, Virginia has plenty to offer outdoor enthusiasts. Active families will love the Blue Ridge Highlands, where hiking, canoeing and tubing are just a few of the activities offered. Couples might enjoy a romantic mountain cabin in Virginia after a day of hiking in Shenandoah National Park.
Washington
Michigan
Think you need an ocean for a beach? Think again. There are miles and miles of sandy lakefront beaches in Michigan (thanks to the four Great Lakes that border it). The west coast of Michigan has especially nice beaches—try a rental in Muskegon, Grand Haven or Saugatuck. You won’t need a car when visiting Mackinac Island. In fact, they’re not allowed—this lovely Victorian resort town is pedestrian-only.
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Tennessee
Maine
Maine has several unique regions, each with its own distinctive culture and activities. With miles of coastline, thousands of lakes, endless rivers and deep forests, visitors can find their perfect vacation spot, whether it's on a sandy beach, at a family campground or walking along Main Street in a bustling city or town. Maine is also known for abundant outdoor recreation opportunities in all four seasons, from swimming and boating in the warmer months to excellent skiing in the winter.
Georgia
While Atlanta is the anchor and capital of Georgia, you can aim in any direction to find distinctly different regions – from the tail of the Appalachians in the North to the rolling Piedmont hills and on down to the seaside marshes in the East. Atlanta lays claim to the state’s number one attraction – Stone Mountain State Park. They say it best - “Serious fun. Endless adventure.” Just 15 minutes from downtown, the world’s largest exposed granite dome is surrounded by 3,200 acres of natural beauty and stimulating activities for every member of the family – sky rides and hiking paths, laser shows and pedal boats along Stone Mountain Lake. Golfers tee it up, while red foxes dash across the fairways in a state where the Masters Golf Tournament creates revered green-jacket memories every year. It’s a long downhill ride down to historic Savannah, a ‘stone’s throw’ from the Atlantic and a virtual step back in time to Southern architecture and stately squares. St. Simon’s and Jekyll Islands offer barrier island beauty and a wonderful combination of outdoor activities, historic sites and artistic culture. Originally the private winter playground of wealthy northeasterners, Jekyll Island stretches along 10 miles of coastal beaches and inland marshes. Cycling and walking paths wind under moss-laden oaks, and a tour of Millionaire Village takes you back to those Cornelius Vanderbilt and J.P. Morgan days. The kid-friendly Summer Waves Water Park adds man-made fun to natural water sport activities. Coastal golf courses and sophisticated St. Simon’s Island appeal to moms, dads and vacationing couples.
Oregon
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Missouri
From the riverboat casinos, breweries and historical neighborhoods in St. Louis and fabulous fountains and barbeque in Kansas City to the “Live Music Show Capital of the World, Branson, to the awesome outdoor lifestyle in the Lake of the Ozarks region, the state offers visitors a seemingly endless line-up of unique vacation experiences. You’re never far from a state park or historic site as there are 85 of them throughout the state. There are 840 miles of trail for hikers, backpackers, bicycle riders, off-road vehicle users and horseback riders. Some of the state’s top attractions include the Gateway Arch and St. Louis Zoo in St. Louis, Cameron Cave in Hannibal, and the American Jazz Museum and Worlds of Fun amusement park in Kansas City. Wine lovers will be pleased to know there are 96 wineries in the state where you can sample wines and take tours. For golfers, the picturesque Lake Ozark region offers play on gems like the Tan-Tar-A Resort Oaks Course and Old Kinderhook. Why not introduce your children to the real world of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn? Visit Hannibal, where your kids can immerse themselves in the world of Mark Twain with a tour of the author’s home, a cruise on the Mississippi River, an exploration excursion of the caves in his books and visits to various historic homes. Other great family-oriented activities throughout the state include hiking the Ozark Trail, splashing at a water park in Branson and visiting the Harry S. Truman home and presidential library in Independence.
Ohio
If you are looking for an active place to stay with world-class attractions, Ohio’s major cities can satisfy any vacation desire. Each offers its own distinct flavor of fun, from professional sports – Bengals (Cincinnati), Cavaliers (Cleveland) and Indians (Cleveland again) – to museums, outdoor activities and more. One of the most famous is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland. If football is your thing, don’t miss the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton. For the science-minded, visit the meat eaters at the Carnivore Conservation Center in the Wilds near Cambridge, dedicated to the breeding and scientific study of endangered mid-sized carnivores. Kids will also love Planet Snoopy in Sandusky or the Columbus Zoo’s Zoombezi Bay Waterpark and Jack’s Landing rides.
Pennsylvania
Popular Cities
Orlando
From the Magic Kingdom to magical spa treatments, Orlando sparkles with the promise of adventure. Spend a day exploring the world-famous Disney theme parks or screaming your head off on a Universal Studios roller coaster. For a less adrenaline-pumping afternoon, enjoy the quiet natural beauty of the Harry P. Leu Gardens or enjoy a seaweed scrub at a luxury day spa. Savor fresh and local ingredients at one of Orlando’s James Beard-nominated restaurants.
Las Vegas
Whether you’re a high roller or a low-key lounger, Las Vegas has something to suit your vacation taste. Sample fare from top chefs and cornucopian buffets, try your luck at one of the world’s premier casinos, or take in a spectacular show. Just wandering the Strip is enough to get your heart pumping. Once you’ve had enough of the razzle-dazzle, wave hello to the toothy sea life at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, hike Red Rock Canyon, or visit the Neon Museum, where old signs take on new life.
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
San Diego
San Diego embodies laid-back California culture, complete with a Boardwalk, surfing communities, and outstanding Mexican food. Breathe in the fresh ocean air at Sunset Cliffs Natural Park, then gobble down a fresh fish taco at a La Jolla seafood joint. The naval aircrafts at the USS Midway Museum will have you standing at attention. A free Sunday concert at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion is the perfect way to unwind after a Saturday night bar-hop in the thumping Gaslamp Quarter.
Sedona
Sedona is a true oasis, a vacationer’s paradise in the middle of the Arizona desert. Here, you’ll find resorts and spas, canyons and red rock formations. Bell Rock and Oak Creek Canyon are great hiking spots, and the dramatic architecture of the Chapel of the Holy Cross is a religious experience itself. When the sun dips down below the horizon it introduces the best show in Sedona: the night sky.
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
Miami Beach
At the shore in Miami Beach, visitors can swim, surf and jet ski in the warm and crystal-clear Atlantic waters. You can also nap on the white sands, work on a tan or simply watch the beautiful people, especially at South Beach, a favorite of models and celebrities.
Phoenix
Nearly perfect year-round weather and several impeccably designed championship courses have made Phoenix one of the top golf destinations in the world. But there's more to this mild-mannered metropolis than pristine greens and tee times. The greater Phoenix area also offers visitors an array of impressive cultural attractions. Visit the internationally renowned Heard Museum for an in-depth look at Native American history or peruse the fine collection at the Phoenix Museum of Art. Enjoy a ballet performance at the ornate Orpheum Theater or or catch a concert at the state-of-the-art Comerica Theatre. In addition to golf, the city offers access to numerous outdoor endeavors including rock climbing, hot-air ballooning, desert jeep tours and more. Family-friendly attractions, first-rate shopping, dining and entertainment, and spectacular recreational activities make Phoenix a must-visit destination.
Lagos
There is rich and beautiful history within Lagos’ 14th century walls, from its fortress to picturesque churches like Medieval São João Hermitage and the 17th-century São Sebastião. But that’s all appetizer. People come here for a main-course coastal buffet featuring more than a half-dozen beautiful beaches. Quiet sandy coves are sandwiched between dramatic cliffs. The sandy 2.5-mile stretch of Meia Praia caters to every water sport imaginable. And when you’ve had your fill, you can digest your day with some of the best nightlife in the Algarve region.
Gatlinburg
Gatlinburg, at the heart of Great Smoky Mountains National Park, is an ideal base for a family looking to explore the park's numerous offerings. After you've gone hiking, fishing, rafting or horseback riding, ride an elevator 342 feet to the top of the Gatlinburg Space Needle for stunning views of the Smokies. There's also an amusement center next door with nifty rides and games.
Honolulu
The mere mention of Hawaii is enough to prompt visions of grass skirts and colorful cocktails with tiny umbrellas. While you will find some kitsch in Honolulu, you’ll also find art museums, bike paths, and some of the most beautiful scenery in the world. Popular Waikiki Beach has soft sands and great surf. For majestic Oahu views scramble to the top of Diamond Head – a 350-acre volcanic crater. Historic structures like Iolani Palace and Ali'iolani Hale are worth a visit on a non-beach day.
Big Sur
Jagged cliffs pummeled by surf line the Pacific Coast Highway along Big Sur, creating some of California's most memorable ocean vistas between Carmel and the northern tip of San Luis Obispo County. Jack Kerouac and Henry Miller found inspiration in its fog-banked canyons and meadows. Gray whales migrate past twice a year, and elephant seals bask on the sandy shores. Luxury hotels, restaurants and art galleries cluster in a six-mile strip, giving way to redwood-filled state parks on either side.
St. John's
In St. John's, the capital city of Antigua, farmers markets, candy- colored architecture and the ruins of sugar plantations vie for attention with a kaleidoscope of coral reefs and sailing adventures. Salute the white baroque towers of St. John's Cathedral that dominate the skyline before joining the flocks of cruise passengers on a Heritage Quay shopping excursion. To experience the island's early cultures, visit the Museum of Antigua and Barbuda, housed in a 1750s colonial courthouse.
Huntsville
Aspen
Everyone knows Aspen as a top-notch winter resort town. But outdoor enthusiasts will enjoy it in the summer, too, when the mountains become a perfect setting for hiking, biking and horseback tours. Some may be surprised to find it’s a top romance destination—but after all that outdoor exercise, who wouldn’t want to repair to a luxurious hotel room or a cozy, firelit bar?
Kathmandu
Nepal’s capital is surrounded by a valley full of historic sites, ancient temples, shrines, and fascinating villages. Mingle with locals and animals amid Durbar Square’s monuments, or join mountain trekkers in the bustling Thamel District. Explore shops for exquisite work by local artisans—carpets and paper prints are specialties.
Nashville
With live music to be heard all across town, 24/7, 365 days a year, Music City lives up to its name. From honky-tonk bands jamming at Tootsie’s Orchid Lounge to songwriters in the round at the Bluebird Cafe and country music legends rocking the Grand Ole Opry, you never know who you might see. The creative spirit from Nashville's music landscape flows into the area's myriad art galleries, up-and-coming fashion scene, historic landmarks and chef-driven restaurants.
Popular Countries
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Fiji
From the traditional Bobo massages to the therapeutic rays of South Pacific sun, the islands of Fiji offer visitors the ultimate in relaxation. Take a fragrant stroll through the botanical gardens of Nadi before settling in on the beach to watch the sun slip down for the night. Nap in the shade of a Savusavu palm tree, or float in the lagoons of Viti Levu. The waterfalls and lush rainforest of Taveuni Island are peaceful places to commune with nature at your own pace.
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
Sri Lanka
Known by a flotilla of aliases, the Resplendent Isle is one of gorgeous beaches, tea plantations and ancient cities. Scuba dive, visit an elephant orphanage and a lagoon of singing fish, explore dense jungle, shrines and temples. Situated just 20 miles off India, the island formerly known as Ceylon is home to 20 million people and eight World Heritage sites. The country's long, brutal civil war ended in May, 2009, bringing peace, stability and a revival of tourism.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Canada
World class skiing, decadent European style cuisine, ornamental cathedrals, peaceful island life…Canada is a patchwork of thriving cities and majestic wilderness. Montreal beckons travelers with its French charm and booming cultural landscape. In Toronto, the Art Gallery of Ontario is a vision of Frank Gehry architecture and national artistic treasures. The gleaming mountain ranges of Banff set a stunning backdrop for an exploration of the Canadian Rockies.
Egypt
An enigmatic treasure trove of almost unimaginable archaeological and cultural riches, it's hard not to think of Egypt without imagining the Sphinx, the pyramids at Giza, Luxor, the Valley of the Kings and the Nile. As well as being the world's largest open-air museum, Egypt also offers a slew of luxurious Red Sea resorts, many within reach of spectacular snorkeling, diving and windsurfing. Whether you see it by riverboat, from camelback or from just above the coral, Egypt's sights are unforgettable.
Switzerland
From the storybook villages and dizzying peaks of the Swiss Alps to the lakeside resorts of Geneva and Lucerne, landlocked Switzerland serves up some of Europe’s most enchanting scenery (along with some of its most delicious cheeses and chocolates, too).
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Morocco
The fragrant air of Morocco seems spiked with local spices. Cradled by the dunes of the Sahara, the Kingdom has been inhabited for hundreds of thousands of years. And from the bustling Medina of Marrakech to the mosaic of leather tanning vessels in Fes, Moroccan culture is still steeped in rich tradition. The collection of blue-bottomed boats in Essaouira has become a monochromatic hallmark of the city, while the cafés of Casablanca will invoke your inner Bogie or Bergman.
India
From the beaches of sun-soaked Goa to the frenetic bazaars of Mumbai, India offers wealth of vastly different, yet equally enthralling, experiences. Explore the sparkling lakes and palaces of Udaipur, watch traditional Indian dance in Kochi, or buy brilliantly-colored silk saris at a market in Varanasi… no matter how much you travel in India, you’ll always find more to discover in this vibrant, fascinating country.
Belize
According to famed diver Jacques Cousteau, the Great Blue Hole of Belize is one of the most spectacular dive sites on earth. The crystal-clear sapphire waters are home to colorful tropical fish and several species of reef sharks – ideal for brave divers who love to get up close and personal with sea life. On dry ground, diverse rainforests, mangrove swamps, and Mayan ruins are perfect for exploration. The beaches of Belize are sunny and tranquil spots for a day of relaxation.
Seychelles
Sailing, diving, fishing and relaxing are the main activities for visitors to the 115 islands of this Indian Ocean archipelago. Mahé, Praslin and La Digue are the most popular islands. Mahé boasts 65 silver beaches, plus an array of restaurants, cafés, bars and casinos in the tiny capital, Victoria. The Seychelles are home to UNESCO-designated sites, coral atoll Aldabra and Vallée de Mai, called the Garden of Eden. Creole is the main language, but English and French are widely spoken.
Nepal
The near otherworldly Himalayan kingdom of Nepal can trace its history back to the 7th century and the arrival of Kirati sheepherders. Today, misty temples perch on rugged ridges, monasteries peer over deep valleys, faded by centuries, and Kathmandu's Old City brims with ancient Buddhist temples and ornate palaces.
Spain
From sun-drenched archipelagos and bustling urban cities to snowcapped mountains and semi-arid deserts, Spain epitomizes geographical diversity. As the meeting point of the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, this vast country offers some of Europe’s most dramatic landscapes, as well as some of its tastiest cuisine.
Indonesia
From the idyllic beaches of Bali to the chaotic melting pot of Jakarta, Indonesia is a diverse Southeast Asian gem. West Java and Sumatra are home to some of the most beautiful tropical forests in the world – perfect for jungle trekking. The Prambanan collection of Hindu temples in Yogyakarta will astound you with their architecture and aura of spirituality. Capital city Jakarta is a cultural and political hub that’s jam-packed with museums, performing arts centers, and traditional food stalls.
French Polynesia
Tahiti and Bora Bora are the most well known French Polynesian islands, thanks to their picture-perfect beaches and romantic ambiance. Indeed, these islands are ideal for handholding, with their lush landscapes and mood-setting features like lagoons and grottos. The heart-shaped island of Mo’orea makes a wonderful base for divers and snorkelers eager to explore its surrounding barrier reef system. Feeding the massive, sacred eels of Huahine is a one-in-a-lifetime way to experience an important local ritual.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
South America
Find Honeymoon Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
South Carolina Honeymoon Resorts
Utah Honeymoon Resorts
Wisconsin Honeymoon Resorts
Oahu Honeymoon Resorts
New Mexico Honeymoon Resorts
Island of Hawaii Honeymoon Resorts
New Jersey Honeymoon Resorts
Maryland Honeymoon Resorts
Vermont Honeymoon Resorts
Illinois Honeymoon Resorts
Crete Honeymoon Resorts
Majorca Honeymoon Resorts
Ireland Honeymoon Resorts
Canary Islands Honeymoon Resorts
Croatia Honeymoon Resorts
Santorini Honeymoon Resorts
Sardinia Honeymoon Resorts
Türkiye Honeymoon Resorts
Cyprus Honeymoon Resorts
Sicily Honeymoon Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
Antigua Honeymoon Resorts
British Virgin Islands Honeymoon Resorts
Curaçao Honeymoon Resorts
Cuba Honeymoon Resorts
Barbados Honeymoon Resorts
Cayman Islands Honeymoon Resorts
Anguilla Honeymoon Resorts
Puerto Vallarta Honeymoon Resorts
Grenada Honeymoon Resorts
St. John Honeymoon Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Kerala Honeymoon Resorts
Philippines Honeymoon Resorts
Terengganu Honeymoon Resorts
Vietnam Honeymoon Resorts
Munnar Honeymoon Resorts
New Zealand Honeymoon Resorts
Krabi Town Honeymoon Resorts
Palawan Island Honeymoon Resorts
Ubud Honeymoon Resorts
Samoa Honeymoon Resorts
Africa & Middle East
United Arab Emirates Honeymoon Resorts
Zanzibar Island Honeymoon Resorts
Kenya Honeymoon Resorts
Oman Honeymoon Resorts
Tunisia Honeymoon Resorts
South Africa Honeymoon Resorts
Cape Verde Honeymoon Resorts
Hurghada Honeymoon Resorts
Jordan Honeymoon Resorts
Tanzania Honeymoon Resorts
Central/South America
Brazil Honeymoon Resorts
Panama Honeymoon Resorts
Argentina Honeymoon Resorts
Ecuador Honeymoon Resorts
Roatan Honeymoon Resorts
Honduras Honeymoon Resorts
Chile Honeymoon Resorts
Province of Guanacaste Honeymoon Resorts
Bocas del Toro Province Honeymoon Resorts
Jaco Honeymoon Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Tripadvisor
