Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
12 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
1. Furama Resort Danang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
5,329 reviews
#1 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Very clean luxury with stunning beach views Staff were attentive, friendly and proveded excellent service to meet all our needs"
"Walking through the gardens made me feel like I am in the lap of luxury, and really provided a blissful escape from city life."
2023
2. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
949 reviews
#2 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Amazing staff and very welcoming… Location wise also good far from city with good beach resort style .. Pool is amazingly very big with good view to beach.. Beaches are very clean and good food at in-house restaur..."
"Everything was perfect for great services in room, views of beaches and Monkey Mountain from our room, variety of nice dishes at hotel’s restaurants and guest service from all staff here."
Visit hotel website
3. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#3 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Pure luxury in a king sea view room with Regency Club access, including breakfast and canapes and cocktails in the evening."
"Amazing service Highly recommend Hyatt for a luxury experience."
4. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
#4 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"The resort is a picture-perfect blend of modern luxury and traditional Vietnamese charm."
"Beautiful surroundings & a lovely few days in luxury at this beautiful beachside hotel."
5. Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
#5 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"... and great fun and well maintained by the fantastic staff The infinity looks straight onto the wonderful beach that is at the retreat great for long walks and also had hammocks on the sand The pool bar was grea..."
"The rooms were spacious and spotless clean .Pools were amazing Pool bar and food in restaurants were exceptional 😊The beach was view of its own loved everthink about this amazing resort great location buses in an..."
6. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
#6 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Very kind people, with yummy food and great location, and a kind nurse xD Very close location to airport, great private beach and swimming pool, and yummy in-room dining, and this was the best hotel in Vietnam, an..."
"It was amazing stay with my friends, cozy comfort room, excellent service , great location to the beach as well as centre, The staff throughout the hotel were very professional, friendly and extremely helpful."
7. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,830 reviews
#7 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Our famili was stayed 7 nights, the hotel was luxury, rooms clean, beautiful well designed and maintained garden areas."
"The resort consists of the main block and 3 areas called The Level which were luxury villas with their own separate shared pools."
8. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#8 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Nestled amongst high rise and impersonal resorts, this place is a complete sanctuary located right on the beach from where you can watch spectacular sunrise, have a morning dip in the ocean and then enjoy a "welln..."
"It’s a huge complex of beautifully manicured lawns, tumbling water features and spectacular views of the beautiful white sand beach and palms."
9. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
#9 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"... Nang easily is in my Top 3. Everything was fantastic; Superb location, great room and amenities, beautiful beach, a 40 hectar park with luxurious vegetation, good restaurants with great food and excellent serv..."
"Beautiful Kids Club, friendly staff, Tu and Trinh are good Beautiful Long Bar, delicious drink, reasonable price, mr Nguyen is professional The weather is good for walk on the beach The cable is interesting and un..."
10. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
#10 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"Positives 1) fantastic property, beautifully maintained with great sized pools, beautiful beach 2) 3 bedroom villa was very spacious - exceeded expectations in terms of layout and comforts."
"The grasses,trees and plants around the lawn area are super well kept..you could find multiple hammocks and bean bags around the lawn too for you to lounge in and relax taking in the beach breeze.. the deck chair..."
11. Pulchra Resort Da Nang
66 reviews
#11 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"We came to the resort during national holiday at peak. Da Nang was having a firework festival and people flooded into the city. We checked every resorts and couldn't find a room. Lucky for us, Pulchra was able to..."
"This Resort has 31 Pool Villas. We stayed in a Lagoon Villa the room looked directly over the pool, Lagoon and out to the South China Sea. The staff were amazing, berry attentive and could not do enough for you..."
12. Silver Shores International Resort
13 reviews
#12 Best Value of 12 Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
"i loved everything at thí Hotel. From small details like HDMI / USB sockets available to plug our device and play on TV, to superb and friendly customer service, and delicious free breakfast, they’ve exceeded our..."
"One of the best average priced resort. Many room choices. Great recreation area. Though some of the staff were not train properly. We have to wait 30 minute to fix the key room. Other than that we had nice experience"
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Read more
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
South Goa District
Popular Da Nang Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
All Inclusive Resorts
Family Resorts
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:ResortLuxuryBeachfront
Four Seasons Resort The Nam Hai, Hoi An
2,434 reviews
10.9 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 6 hotels in Dien Duong
"His stunning configuration and architecture enhances the fantastic landscape and the immense pristine beach which is ideal for long walks, the sea was beautiful with crystal clear and calm waters ideal for swimming."
"Incredible luxury resort on the beach, incredible staff who are so courteous, helpful, available, fabulous breakfast options, incredibly beautiful landscaping."
Angsana Lang Co
2,478 reviews
26.0 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 2 hotels in Cu Du
"The pool is incredible and the pool team (thank you Vu) provides such a good service, better than many other luxury hotels, super attentive to every detail."
"Its stunningly beautiful pool adds an extra touch of luxury and relaxation to the entire experience."
Best Seller
Banyan Tree Lang Co
2,484 reviews
25.7 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 2 hotels in Cu Du
"... our breakfasts fit for royalty and provided so many delicious food for us 3. Chef Dung at Saffron for our amazing cooking class 4. Quyen for the unforgettable experience in the destination dining by the beach 5."
"I also visit some beach resorts in Hoi An, Da Nang, or Hue, but with Banyan Tree Lang Co in Laguna Lang Co, I feel very different, a fusion of unspoiled natural beauty and contemporary of chic resort living."
Vinpearl Resort & Golf Nam Hoi An
2,467 reviews
22.4 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 8 hotels in Binh Minh
"We are very impression about resort very beautiful and luxury ."
"Cocoon restaurant with many delicious dishes, very rich menu, very nice buffet set up .. Thuy Chi, Tuong Vy, Kim Ngan, Ngoc Diep and the service team are very professional, enthusiastic and friendly when we ask fo..."
Golden Sand Resort & Spa Hoi An
557 reviews
15.3 miles from Da Nang
#137 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"I booked a room with breakfast and massages included. Definitely worth the extra. Great buffet breakfast. Lots of variety. Salon very professional and clean. A lot better than cheap ones in town. Staff lovely but..."
"Had a great stay at resort. Welcoming staff, comfortable room, great pool setting to swim or just read a book and soak up sun. Easy 5 minute commute ( free shuttle bus ) into Hoi An, which is so relaxing after being..."
Matches:LuxuryBeachfront
Missing:Resort
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
In Da Nang
#25 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had the opportunity to use Furama's services, and I was blown away by how beautiful the villas were with their many trees, flowers, main pool, and gorgeous beaches."
"The resort offers private villas with luxurious amenities and stunning views of the beach and the surrounding landscape."
M Suite Danang
149 reviews
#1 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Luxury hotel on the beach"
"A beautiful and luxurious hotel in a prime beach location with first class service"
Top Rated
Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,004 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 71 hotels in My An
"I’m the tour guide of this Korea group, everything is perfect, the hotel is clean and luxury, breakfast is quite diversity and suitable for my group, the staff here assist our customer alot, Thanks Quynh and Thang..."
"Very modern, upscale high rise luxury hotel situated right on the Da Nang Beach!"
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
2.5 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"Very friendly, polite and helpful staff; Excellent view to the beach from the room; roof top bar and roof top infinity pool with amazing views to the beach and landscape; Very good breakfast and good choice of fre..."
"The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are beach front view from balconies you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi..."
The Nalod Da Nang
453 reviews
2.4 miles from Da Nang
#3 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"We are group tour from india visit to Da nang the hotel nalods an excellent the ocean view at the hotel room was beautiful walking to the beach is so close breakfast spread was good we stay at newyear so the hotel..."
"The Nalod Da Nang Hotel is located directly across from My Khe Beach point; wide white sand beach, islands offshore and fishermen casting nets."
Canvas Danang Beach Hotel
601 reviews
#52 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We visited the Canvas Beach hotel last year and this year and the service is still impeccable, staff still super friendly, fast and attentive (especially Ms Yen), the hotel smells very good and the spacious and mo..."
"Thanks to the hotel team members especially FO & FB team who worked hard to offer our team the warmest welcome and well-arrangement even 2 AM as well as the exciting beachside team building for 50 young people on..."
Maha Mangala Zen Garden & Residence
61 reviews
#37 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"My room was 2 bed room apartment, 1st. floor. Very good to go to pool, most of interior made by wood, room was clean, with equipped kitchen tools, It's very good. Like temple, even though breakfast was temple..."
"We were looking for a quiet, beautiful resort with quality vegetarian food and Mangala perfectly fit the bill. The decor is lovely, both on the main floor and in our room. We had a comfortable bed with a view of..."
KOI Resort & Spa Hoi An
714 reviews
14.9 miles from Da Nang
#103 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"We enjoyed a seven night stay through Luxury Escapes which had a number of inclusions such as three four course meals, daily cocktails, two massage vouchers and airport transfers."
"The gardens were in constant attendance and made the stay feel very relaxed in the lush green environment."
Laguna Parkside Residences Lăng Cô
63 reviews
25.8 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 6 hotels in Lang Co
"It is a Luxury resort."
"We had a wonderful time at Laguna Parkside Residences. All front office staff are so friendly and caring. The room is clean and cozy. There are many options for food and activities. Definitely looking foward to..."
Matches:ResortBeachfront
Missing:Luxury
Grandvrio Ocean Resort Danang
1,729 reviews
8.3 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Dien Ban
"The resort is beautiful and there are many free amenities to choose from, Japanese sauna, pools, private beach, kids club activities, yoga classes and gym! Free towels, chairs/lounges, life jackets for the pools b..."
"... detail including providing vegetarian meals for us for breakfast buffet at the main restaurant and engaging the kids with fun activities at the kids center while we enjoyed our food and drinks at the beach cafe."
Crowne Plaza Danang
224 reviews
#114 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"1. Room - Spacious room - Clean beddinh and neat room - large bathtub - great air conditioning 2. Resort - friendly service - perfect swimming pool - empty beach and great view - affordable and delicious food"
"In the afternoon, they also have BBQ on the beach , so you can chill and enjoy the foods."
Golden Lotus Luxury Hotel Da Nang
286 reviews
#26 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Everyone here welcomed me very warmly, the hotel is very close to the beach, just a 3-minute walk, the breakfast is very delicious and diverse, the staff is enthusiastic, the receptionists are very polite, especia..."
"The delightful breakfast and the hotel's walking distance to the beach, Very spacious room and comfortable bed made our stay very enjoyable"
The Five Villas - Ocean Villas Da Nang
9 reviews
#71 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"We stayed in the 6 bedrooms villa for 4 nights. Our group is 9 adults and five kiddies. We have had a wonderful time at this beautiful resort, the breakfast were being prepared and served in the villa which was..."
"10/10 experience! Newly built villa hence rooms were very clean, modern and nice! Room layout was good and the bed and pillows were so comfortable - one of the best I’ve experienced! Few minutes walk to the..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Luxury Beach Resorts information
Luxury Beach Resorts Da Nang
12
Luxury Beach Resorts Prices From
$118
Luxury Beach Resorts Reviews
32,057
Luxury Beach Resorts Photos
40,152
Frequently Asked Questions about luxury beach resorts
What are the best luxury beach resorts near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have a pool?
Which luxury beach resorts are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best luxury beach resorts in Da Nang?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are romantic?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
12 of 2601
Very clean luxury with stunning beach views Staff were attentive, friendly and proveded excellent service to meet all our needs
Very clean
luxury
with stunning beach views Staff were attentive, friendly and proveded excellent service to meet all our needs
Walking through the gardens made me feel like I am in the lap of luxury, and really provided a blissful escape from city life.
Walking through the gardens made me feel like I am in the
lap of luxury
, and really provided a blissful escape from city life.
Amazing staff and very welcoming… Location wise also good far from city with good beach resort style .. Pool is amazingly very big with good view to beach.. Beaches are very clean and good food at in-house restaur...
Amazing staff and very welcoming… Location wise also good far from city with good
beach
resort style .. Pool is amazingly very big with good view to
.. Beaches are very clean and good food at in-house restaur...
Everything was perfect for great services in room, views of beaches and Monkey Mountain from our room, variety of nice dishes at hotel’s restaurants and guest service from all staff here.
Everything was perfect for great services in room, views of
beaches
and Monkey Mountain from our room, variety of nice dishes at hotel’s restaurants and guest service from all staff here.
Pure luxury in a king sea view room with Regency Club access, including breakfast and canapes and cocktails in the evening.
Pure luxury
in a king sea view room with Regency Club access, including breakfast and canapes and cocktails in the evening.
Amazing service Highly recommend Hyatt for a luxury experience.
Amazing service Highly recommend Hyatt for a
luxury experience
.
The resort is a picture-perfect blend of modern luxury and traditional Vietnamese charm.
The resort is a picture-perfect blend of
modern luxury
and traditional Vietnamese charm.
Beautiful surroundings & a lovely few days in luxury at this beautiful beachside hotel.
Beautiful surroundings & a lovely few days in
at this beautiful beachside hotel.
... and great fun and well maintained by the fantastic staff The infinity looks straight onto the wonderful beach that is at the retreat great for long walks and also had hammocks on the sand The pool bar was grea...
... and great fun and well maintained by the fantastic staff The infinity looks straight onto the
wonderful beach
that is at the retreat great for long walks and also had hammocks on the sand The pool bar was grea...
The rooms were spacious and spotless clean .Pools were amazing Pool bar and food in restaurants were exceptional 😊The beach was view of its own loved everthink about this amazing resort great location buses in an...
The rooms were spacious and spotless clean .Pools were amazing Pool bar and food in restaurants were exceptional 😊The
was view of its own loved everthink about this amazing resort great location buses in an...
Very kind people, with yummy food and great location, and a kind nurse xD Very close location to airport, great private beach and swimming pool, and yummy in-room dining, and this was the best hotel in Vietnam, an...
Very kind people, with yummy food and great location, and a kind nurse xD Very close location to airport,
great private beach
and swimming pool, and yummy in-room dining, and this was the best hotel in Vietnam, an...
It was amazing stay with my friends, cozy comfort room, excellent service , great location to the beach as well as centre, The staff throughout the hotel were very professional, friendly and extremely helpful.
It was amazing stay with my friends, cozy comfort room, excellent service ,
great location to the beach
as well as centre, The staff throughout the hotel were very professional, friendly and extremely helpful.
Our famili was stayed 7 nights, the hotel was luxury, rooms clean, beautiful well designed and maintained garden areas.
Our famili was stayed 7 nights, the hotel was
, rooms clean, beautiful well designed and maintained garden areas.
The resort consists of the main block and 3 areas called The Level which were luxury villas with their own separate shared pools.
The resort consists of the main block and 3 areas called The Level which were
luxury villas
with their own separate shared pools.
Nestled amongst high rise and impersonal resorts, this place is a complete sanctuary located right on the beach from where you can watch spectacular sunrise, have a morning dip in the ocean and then enjoy a "welln...
Nestled amongst high rise and impersonal resorts, this place is a complete sanctuary located right on the
from where you can watch spectacular sunrise, have a morning dip in the ocean and then enjoy a "welln...
It’s a huge complex of beautifully manicured lawns, tumbling water features and spectacular views of the beautiful white sand beach and palms.
It’s a huge complex of beautifully manicured lawns, tumbling water features and spectacular views of
the beautiful white sand beach
and palms.
... Nang easily is in my Top 3. Everything was fantastic; Superb location, great room and amenities, beautiful beach, a 40 hectar park with luxurious vegetation, good restaurants with great food and excellent serv...
... Nang easily is in my Top 3. Everything was fantastic; Superb location, great room and amenities,
beautiful beach
, a 40 hectar park with luxurious vegetation, good restaurants with great food and excellent serv...
Beautiful Kids Club, friendly staff, Tu and Trinh are good Beautiful Long Bar, delicious drink, reasonable price, mr Nguyen is professional The weather is good for walk on the beach The cable is interesting and un...
Beautiful Kids Club, friendly staff, Tu and Trinh are good Beautiful Long Bar, delicious drink, reasonable price, mr Nguyen is professional The weather is good for walk on the
The cable is interesting and un...
Positives 1) fantastic property, beautifully maintained with great sized pools, beautiful beach 2) 3 bedroom villa was very spacious - exceeded expectations in terms of layout and comforts.
Positives 1) fantastic property, beautifully maintained with great sized pools,
2) 3 bedroom villa was very spacious - exceeded expectations in terms of layout and comforts.
The grasses,trees and plants around the lawn area are super well kept..you could find multiple hammocks and bean bags around the lawn too for you to lounge in and relax taking in the beach breeze.. the deck chair...
The grasses,trees and plants around the lawn area are super well kept..you could find multiple hammocks and bean bags around the lawn too for you to lounge in and relax taking in the
beach breeze
.. the deck chair...
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
His stunning configuration and architecture enhances the fantastic landscape and the immense pristine beach which is ideal for long walks, the sea was beautiful with crystal clear and calm waters ideal for swimming.
His stunning configuration and architecture enhances the fantastic landscape and the immense
pristine beach
which is ideal for long walks, the sea was beautiful with crystal clear and calm waters ideal for swimming.
Incredible luxury resort on the beach, incredible staff who are so courteous, helpful, available, fabulous breakfast options, incredibly beautiful landscaping.
Incredible luxury resort on the
, incredible staff who are so courteous, helpful, available, fabulous breakfast options, incredibly beautiful landscaping.
The pool is incredible and the pool team (thank you Vu) provides such a good service, better than many other luxury hotels, super attentive to every detail.
The pool is incredible and the pool team (thank you Vu) provides such a good service, better than many other
luxury hotels
, super attentive to every detail.
Its stunningly beautiful pool adds an extra touch of luxury and relaxation to the entire experience.
Its stunningly beautiful pool adds an extra touch of
and relaxation to the entire experience.
... our breakfasts fit for royalty and provided so many delicious food for us 3. Chef Dung at Saffron for our amazing cooking class 4. Quyen for the unforgettable experience in the destination dining by the beach 5.
... our breakfasts fit for royalty and provided so many delicious food for us 3. Chef Dung at Saffron for our amazing cooking class 4. Quyen for the unforgettable experience in the destination dining by the
5.
I also visit some beach resorts in Hoi An, Da Nang, or Hue, but with Banyan Tree Lang Co in Laguna Lang Co, I feel very different, a fusion of unspoiled natural beauty and contemporary of chic resort living.
I also visit some
beach resorts
in Hoi An, Da Nang, or Hue, but with Banyan Tree Lang Co in Laguna Lang Co, I feel very different, a fusion of unspoiled natural beauty and contemporary of chic resort living.
We are very impression about resort very beautiful and luxury .
We are very impression about resort very beautiful and
Cocoon restaurant with many delicious dishes, very rich menu, very nice buffet set up .. Thuy Chi, Tuong Vy, Kim Ngan, Ngoc Diep and the service team are very professional, enthusiastic and friendly when we ask fo...
Cocoon restaurant with many delicious dishes, very
rich menu
, very nice buffet set up .. Thuy Chi, Tuong Vy, Kim Ngan, Ngoc Diep and the service team are very professional, enthusiastic and friendly when we ask fo...
Missing:
I had the opportunity to use Furama's services, and I was blown away by how beautiful the villas were with their many trees, flowers, main pool, and gorgeous beaches.
I had the opportunity to use Furama's services, and I was blown away by how beautiful the villas were with their many trees, flowers, main pool, and
gorgeous beaches
The resort offers private villas with luxurious amenities and stunning views of the beach and the surrounding landscape.
The resort offers private villas with luxurious amenities and stunning views of the
and the surrounding landscape.
Luxury hotel on the beach
Luxury hotel
on the beach
A beautiful and luxurious hotel in a prime beach location with first class service
A beautiful and
luxurious hotel
in a prime beach location with first class service
I’m the tour guide of this Korea group, everything is perfect, the hotel is clean and luxury, breakfast is quite diversity and suitable for my group, the staff here assist our customer alot, Thanks Quynh and Thang...
I’m the tour guide of this Korea group, everything is perfect, the hotel is clean and
, breakfast is quite diversity and suitable for my group, the staff here assist our customer alot, Thanks Quynh and Thang...
Very modern, upscale high rise luxury hotel situated right on the Da Nang Beach!
Very modern, upscale high rise
luxury hotel
situated right on the Da Nang Beach!
Very friendly, polite and helpful staff; Excellent view to the beach from the room; roof top bar and roof top infinity pool with amazing views to the beach and landscape; Very good breakfast and good choice of fre...
Very friendly, polite and helpful staff; Excellent view to the
from the room; roof top bar and roof top infinity pool with amazing views to the
and landscape; Very good breakfast and good choice of fre...
The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are beach front view from balconies you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi...
The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are
beach front
view from balconies you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi...
We are group tour from india visit to Da nang the hotel nalods an excellent the ocean view at the hotel room was beautiful walking to the beach is so close breakfast spread was good we stay at newyear so the hotel...
We are group tour from india visit to Da nang the hotel nalods an excellent the ocean view at the hotel room was beautiful walking to the
is so close breakfast spread was good we stay at newyear so the hotel...
The Nalod Da Nang Hotel is located directly across from My Khe Beach point; wide white sand beach, islands offshore and fishermen casting nets.
The Nalod Da Nang Hotel is located directly across from My Khe
Beach point
; wide white sand beach, islands offshore and fishermen casting nets.
We visited the Canvas Beach hotel last year and this year and the service is still impeccable, staff still super friendly, fast and attentive (especially Ms Yen), the hotel smells very good and the spacious and mo...
We visited the Canvas
Beach
hotel last year and this year and the service is still impeccable, staff still super friendly, fast and attentive (especially Ms Yen), the hotel smells very good and the spacious and mo...
Thanks to the hotel team members especially FO & FB team who worked hard to offer our team the warmest welcome and well-arrangement even 2 AM as well as the exciting beachside team building for 50 young people on...
Thanks to the hotel team members especially FO & FB team who worked hard to offer our team the warmest welcome and well-arrangement even 2 AM as well as the exciting
beachside
team building for 50 young people on...
We enjoyed a seven night stay through Luxury Escapes which had a number of inclusions such as three four course meals, daily cocktails, two massage vouchers and airport transfers.
We enjoyed a seven night stay through
Escapes which had a number of inclusions such as three four course meals, daily cocktails, two massage vouchers and airport transfers.
The gardens were in constant attendance and made the stay feel very relaxed in the lush green environment.
The gardens were in constant attendance and made the stay feel very relaxed in the
lush green environment
It is a Luxury resort.
It is a
Luxury resort
The resort is beautiful and there are many free amenities to choose from, Japanese sauna, pools, private beach, kids club activities, yoga classes and gym! Free towels, chairs/lounges, life jackets for the pools b...
The resort is beautiful and there are many free amenities to choose from, Japanese sauna, pools,
private beach
, kids club activities, yoga classes and gym! Free towels, chairs/lounges, life jackets for the pools b...
... detail including providing vegetarian meals for us for breakfast buffet at the main restaurant and engaging the kids with fun activities at the kids center while we enjoyed our food and drinks at the beach cafe.
... detail including providing vegetarian meals for us for breakfast buffet at the main restaurant and engaging the kids with fun activities at the kids center while we enjoyed our food and drinks at the
beach cafe
1. Room - Spacious room - Clean beddinh and neat room - large bathtub - great air conditioning 2. Resort - friendly service - perfect swimming pool - empty beach and great view - affordable and delicious food
1. Room - Spacious room - Clean beddinh and neat room - large bathtub - great air conditioning 2. Resort - friendly service - perfect swimming pool - empty
and great view - affordable and delicious food
In the afternoon, they also have BBQ on the beach , so you can chill and enjoy the foods.
In the afternoon, they also have
BBQ on the beach
, so you can chill and enjoy the foods.
Everyone here welcomed me very warmly, the hotel is very close to the beach, just a 3-minute walk, the breakfast is very delicious and diverse, the staff is enthusiastic, the receptionists are very polite, especia...
Everyone here welcomed me very warmly, the hotel is very close to the
, just a 3-minute walk, the breakfast is very delicious and diverse, the staff is enthusiastic, the receptionists are very polite, especia...
The delightful breakfast and the hotel's walking distance to the beach, Very spacious room and comfortable bed made our stay very enjoyable
The delightful breakfast and the hotel's
walking distance to the beach
, Very spacious room and comfortable bed made our stay very enjoyable
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
