Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
5 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
1. Binh Minh Ecolodge
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
11 reviews
#1 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
2. Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#2 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
3. Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
#3 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay."
4. Phuong Nga Hotel
31 reviews
#4 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
"The hotel is located far from Ninh Kieu Quay, it is about thirty minutes walk to it. I stayed in a standard double room in September. The room was around 20 square meters, it had a refrigerator, electric tea pot..."
"Good value hotel with a fair breakfast( small selection but good presentation and service). Room was a good size. clean and well fitted out. On a main street with shops at hand. Not many eating places nearby."
5. Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#5 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
Hung Vuong Hotel
42 reviews
42.1 miles from Can Tho
#12 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"I'm from Roma and was on holiday trip in Saigon and decided to take a 3 days trip to Ben Tre in February 2017 and this hotel recommended by a friends in Saigon saying this is a reasonable price hotel. Ok, I did..."
"The hotel locates at a very good location, next to the river. That is only good thing of the hotel. Other things are average or lower. Breakfast is OK. Free parking. Wifi signals are not stable and weak. Beds would..."
Mekong My Tho Hotel
55 reviews
44.6 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"This hotel is just fine. The carpet needs to be replaced but overall it reasonably clean. This is our family’s 3rd time staying here, my kids love the pool (but is is closed for a few hours in the afternoon and..."
"We had wonderful trip in Vietnam. Mekong hotel was nice and spacious. Staffs were lovely, and friendly. Good location and spacious hotel. I know I will comeback soon this hotel. Great job my friends Jonny, Len van..."
Minh Quan Hotel
45.0 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"Stayed here 2 nights in early Nov and found it perfectly adequate, clean, good value and well-run, with the hotel in a good location on the river front, close to Mekong river tours and nice for an evening stroll..."
"Pros: - The location is good. - The reception is friendly and helpful Cons: - Air conditioning of my room was leaked and a little bit noisy. Actually, I dont have many good choices to choose a nice hotel..."
Minh Tai Hotel
21 reviews
45.2 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"Amazing people who are pleased to help you to find your way in My Tho. We could choose our room which pleased us the most. We checked out in the morning and could leave our luggage at the reception. After our..."
"Good room, spacious, clean no elevator, challenge your walking ability, located near My Tho market. Little food here, you have to walk far to find food, no fast food. Good service. The morning is a bit noisy for..."
Matches:Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Bao Gia Trang Vien - The Green Resort
In Can Tho
#22 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We arrived and were shown to a concrete bunker "family room" which was very different from the photos on the site when we had booked. In fact we realised that the "family room" had been demolished, with only the..."
"We did not liked our stay there very much. The only good thing was the very helpfully young lady who helped us getting our forgotten stuff from the bus back. Arrived at 3am, she did everything to help us, although..."
Kim Long Hotel
349 reviews
#2 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was my second time staying at Kim Long Hotel. I came back with my family this time because Kim is very friendly, speaks good English, and arranges great private trips. The room was nice and clean with AC."
Tay Nam Bo Guest House
2 reviews
#48 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Clean room, quite place, fresh air and friendly staffs. Appropriate accommodation for business trips, this place is far from the center of the city so it's suitable for those who like quiet space. This is a very..."
"I live in Sydney. I have much better Vietnamese beef noodles at Vietnamese town (Cabramatta). The beef was too chewy and not that flavorsome. But it was cheap and it is a good experience to know how the local eats."
Minh Viet Homestay
81 reviews
#18 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Slept one night here as a part of the 3 days Mekong delta tour. Simple but clean and nice rooms. Fan and mosquito net. Very friendly staff that served us delicious supper and breakfast. We arrived with a boat after..."
"The homestay itself was nice, the women who ran it were pleasant and the food was excellent. Unfortunately the tour of the Mekong delta booked through the owners son Trung? in Ben Tre, who approached us on the..."
Thanh Dat Hoa Vien
27 reviews
#25 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed here for two nights with a friend. We work in Saigon and had a long weekend so wanted just to get out of the city and not pay loads to get out and about. Firstly, Can Tho is about 4 hours drive from Saigon..."
"Perhaps we visited the place a little out of season, the place was totally empty and we thought it was a little bit too far from town centre. Some of the staff didn't speak english at all. But the rooms were good..."
Huong Sen Hotel
31.2 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 9 B&Bs / Inns in Cao Lanh
"Clean and comfortable with helpful staff but receptionist language is only Vietnamese. No answers available at reception other than room availability, all other questions are referred to management by receptionist..."
"The hotel seemed new. The room was very clean. The mattress was the hardest I ever had in my traveller's life !! Fortunately I was staying for 1 night only. The bathroom is a shower-toilet all-in-one room. There was..."
Minh Phuong Hotel
5 reviews
32.6 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 20 B&Bs / Inns in Soc Trang
"Room was literally a square with 2 beds and bathroom. Next to a karaoke joint if you're into that, however the hotel is on the outskirts of town so there isn't much around there besides a few nice beer garden..."
"Very clean rooms with standard furnishings- hard chair and firm mattress. Bath and shower quite satisfying except no paper products available. Breakfast was satisfying and quick with pleasant view on roof deck. Wifi..."
Phuong Nam Hotel
34.5 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 15 Specialty lodging in Long Xuyen
"This is good value for money hotel. You can not expect much for the money. As mentioned in the other comment, it is just room and bed. No breakfast. There is not Much to see in the city, so you do not also meet lot..."
"If your looking for a fansy room dont bother. If your looking for a comportable bed in a lockable room with aircon then this is the place. Its relatively cheap and quite clean. Friendly staff too but thats a given..."
Minh Kieu Hotel
13 reviews
44.8 miles from Can Tho
#10 of 19 Specialty lodging in My Tho
"The best thing you can say about it is that it's cheap. The rooms are spartan and very inconveniently laid out. The air con works but is very noisy. Ear plugs are pretty much a must. The staff have minimal..."
"A good budget hotel. There are staff that speak English, and tours can be booked. Location is relatively close to the riverside. The bathroom is a plus: modern, and with one of those rain shower heads"
Loc Mai My Tho Hotel
45.4 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 25 B&Bs / Inns in My Tho
"I stayed here for one night when visiting my friend in My Tho. The room was very nice and clean and seemed modern. We showed up last minute and the room was reasonably priced. It's a little out of the city center..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed for 2 nights, the receptionists were very friendly and the location wasn't too far from the centre. During the evening it gets noisy because of the karaoke bar next door but it didn't..."
Gecko Guesthouse
28 reviews
45.6 miles from Can Tho
#19 of 152 Specialty lodging in Duong Dong
"Just had a great 6 night stay here. Double room upstairs, was wonderful, clean, quiet and very comfortable. Family who run the place very friendly and helpful. On Lang beach a short walk away, beaches were clean..."
"We stayed at Gecko guesthouse over Christmas and it was amazing. They arranged a scooter so we could explore the island, recommended places to go and things to see. Nothing was too difficult or problematic. You..."
Royal Hotel 2 (Hoang Gia 2 Hotel)
8 reviews
48.1 miles from Can Tho
#27 of 44 B&Bs / Inns in Rach Gia
"I've stayed in very basic and budget accommodation all around SE Asia, and this was one of my least favorite stays! The man who ran the desk was friendly enough but we couldn't communicate with him at all. It was..."
"Budget hotel. Rooms are reasonable - very clean but dated. There is free wifi. Downnside is the poor neighbourhood. Hotel has no restaurant and there are very few choices nearby either. It's a dump of a suburb..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Winter Hotel
1 review
30.0 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 9 B&Bs / Inns in Cao Lanh
Hotel Trí Lê
0 reviews
30.9 miles from Can Tho
Dang Khoa Hotel
Nhat Quynh Hotel 1
47.9 miles from Can Tho
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Valet Parking
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
Best Seller
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#4 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
551 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
Hotels Prices From
$15
Hotels Reviews
129
Hotels Photos
186
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
5 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
