Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayGear rentals in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Gear Rentals
Gear Rentals in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Gear Rentals
Show all
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
12 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Ha Long Motorbike Rental
20
Open now
By jakub_507
... trip around Ha Long and Cat Ba. :) He has a large selection of quality bikes at very low prices 🙂 Really reccomend!
2. Cho Thue Xe May Ha Long - Đông's Motorbike
29
By saraminks
Dong is a local legend and we were nothing but happy with our XR 150s. Didn’t let us down for a whole month and we...
3. Ha Long Motorbike For Rent - Dong's Motorbike
15
By AniyaOsinski
... need we stayed in touch through all our way to HMC ,from Halong city, great and relyable bikes, well taking care of!
4. Motorbike Rental Ha Long - Minh Motor
2
By Planschbecken
We were more than satisfied! We got the scooter at a fair price. He also picked up the scooter at our hotel or got us a...
5. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
6. Halong Luxury Yacht
Adrenaline & Extreme Tours • Boat Tours
7. Cat Ba Local Adventure
6
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By 50jesperr
Great 1-day Lanha-Halong Bay trip with tasty and plenty food, good kayaking and great views and seabirds and monkeys,...
8. Halong Bay Group Tours
1
Submarine Tours • Duck Tours
By Camper48641463974
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I...
9. Halong Bay Cruise Tours
By Departure13906686648
Wow! It's amazing cruise trip in Halong Bay. We stayed overnight on the cruise and it was the right time for us to...
10. Vietnam Amaing Travel Co., Ltd
Multi-day Tours • Motorcycle Tours
11. Halong Bay Kayaking Tours
Multi-day Tours • Adrenaline & Extreme Tours
12. Hạ Long Daily Tours
What travelers are saying
Tamar R
2 contributions
0
recommended
Great service! We rented a motorcycle which was perfectly fine, there was availability, and the price was good 😊 thank you very much
Review of: Ha Long Motorbike Rental
Written March 5, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Sara K
1 contribution
Highly Recommend
Dong is a local legend and we were nothing but happy with our XR 150s. Didn’t let us down for a whole month and we really put them through hell.

Highly recommend this place for good, reliable motorbikes. Dong was also there for us 24/7 via WhatsApp although we never had any problems to report back.
Read more
Review of: Cho Thue Xe May Ha Long - Đông's Motorbike
Written October 6, 2022
Amy Allen
Cost and Service was great
Bought a yamaha nouvol from them, very good quality, we impressive about service
they follow us everytime can do
bike a little bit old (i think 2year)
but they service bike for good condition
if you can service they prepare some part for you
cost and service we think it good
Review of: Ha Long Motorbike For Rent - Dong's Motorbike
Written October 27, 2022
Jana & Hannah
Naxos, Greece5 contributions
Best rental ever
We were more than satisfied! We got the scooter at a fair price. He also picked up the scooter at our hotel or got us a shuttle to the hotel. We wanted to continue traveling afterwards and he helped us by bus and drove us to the bus station. In addition, he and many gave really good recommendations for food, cafe and sights. It couldn't be better!
Review of: Motorbike Rental Ha Long - Minh Motor
Written July 25, 2022
Lunymar
Hanoi, Vietnam103 contributions
Wonderful overnight cruise
Earlier reviews of Ha Long Bay itself mention trash. I was very pleased to see barely any trash once we got away from the port area. Single-use plastics have been banned for some time now, which will have helped enormously.
Anyway, to our trip... from our pick-up at Hanoi Opera on an extremely comfortable minibus to when we were dropped back there the following day, we thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
The staff were excellent. The boat has 22 cabins and was full, I think. Each cabin has a private balcony, where you can sit and enjoy the views. There was a corner jacuzzi in our cabin, which would be nice if you go in winter.
There were only 5 Westerners onboard, but both the boat manager and assistant manager spoke very good English and made sure that all announcements were made in English as well as Vietnamese.
The other staff were also excellent and the service of a high standard. The food was good and plentiful - a bit too plentiful, actually. We felt guilty at having to leave so much of what was put on our table. An earlier review mentioned lack of drinking water. Perhaps that comment was acted on, as there was free drinking water with all meals, on the launch for trips off of the boat, and there to greet us when we returned from them.
The short trips off the boat are all worth doing as long as you know what to expect. The trip to Surprising Cave was our favourite. The cave is massive and the lighting shows off the features well. The kayaking is for only a short time around a small bay, which was crowded with other kayakers. The 'bamboo boat' option around the same small bay was not on bamboo boats, just large rowing boats. The swimming trip is to a small man-made beach, but it was lovely to get into the water to cool off.
My daughter enjoyed the karaoke in the evening, which had lots of Western songs to choose from. However, the best thing of all was sitting up on the top deck, sipping a G&T and watching the incredible sunset.
Review of: Dynasty Cruises Halong
Written August 1, 2020
OnAir05732154482
Best tour and guide ever!!
This tour is a must do. Ryan, the guide of the Lan Ha cruise was absolutely amazing. He was very informative, kind, and funny! This trip will take you on the adventure of a lifetime— you cannot miss it! Beautiful swimming through caves, amazing kayaking, delicious you can even see monkeys! I would highly recommend, especially if Ryan is running the tour.
Review of: Cat Ba Local Adventure
Written January 17, 2024
mxtibep
Texas5 contributions
Interesting activity!
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I am the first traveler to book tour from Halong Bay Group Tours. We were picked up us from our hotel in Ha Noi then joined into one group of 30 other travelers who have the same trip. The tour included transportation from Ha Noi, cruise and food on Ha Long bay. Not bad full-day tour!
Review of: Halong Bay Group Tours
Written November 1, 2022
Jennyhoamx
Texas6 contributions
Just one word: Amazing!
Wow! It's amazing cruise trip in Halong Bay. We stayed overnight on the cruise and it was the right time for us to enjoy our holiday. All of us do like this trip and maybe Halong Bay will be the BEST attraction in Vietnam, highly recommended! (We booked this trip from Halong Bay Cruise Tours two weeks in advanced).
Review of: Halong Bay Cruise Tours
Written October 10, 2022
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for gear rentals in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Gear rentals in Halong Bay
1.
jakub_507
... trip around Ha Long and Cat Ba. :) He has a large selection of quality
bikes
at very low prices 🙂 Really reccomend!
2.
saraminks
3.
AniyaOsinski
... need we stayed in touch through all our way to HMC ,from Halong city, great and relyable
, well taking care of!
4.
Planschbecken
5.
Travellingfullys
6.
7.
50jesperr
Great 1-day Lanha-Halong Bay trip with tasty and plenty food, good
kayaking
and great views and seabirds and monkeys,...
8.
Camper48641463974
9.
Departure13906686648
10.
11.
12.
Naxos, Greece
5 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
103 contributions
Texas
6 contributions
