Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Soundproof Rooms
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
29 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack..."
"Such a yummy hotpot here!! Nice casual vibes and the staff are lovely and fun. Great Christmas energy ⚡️⚡️ Wide variety of food, drinks and cocktails on the menu as well, would definitely come back in the future."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Top Rated
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
#17 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and..."
"Fantastic room on the 4th floor! Good AC and nice hot shower! The beds are comfy but like the other reviews have said the pillows are a bit hard, we jus used a jumper as well as it was fine! The owner is so lovely..."
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally ok..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
In Hai Phong
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Green Homestay
19 reviews
21.5 miles from Hai Phong
#18 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch..."
"What a fantastic stay! The rooms were very clean with modern appliances (including in the bathroom). The A/C worked very well and the pool was clean and very nice to hang out in. The real highlight is the owner and..."
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Catba Tropicana Homestay
17 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#20 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed..."
"We felt very comfortable in this homestay. It is simple, but very comfortable and clean with good beds. A beautiful beach is close. The host, Tien is a very kind and helpful person and we felt relaxed. He gave us..."
Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#21 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me a..."
"My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature..."
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#38 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
Visit hotel website
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#15 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view..."
"We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good..."
Dream Dragon Resort
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Skyrest Cat Ong
#2 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"My holiday was almost perfectly by their operating the bungalow with overseas view where we could have the lovely night together, chilled out on yard with BBQ's friends party and sang karaoke. Our guide whom I've..."
"I would rate 5 stars not because their services worth 5 stars in terms of common ground but because of what we've paid and had lots of fun here with new friends Salsa and Golva. Especially thank to Dan, our..."
Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and toilet..."
"Sadhu garden inn is a bit further from Cat Ba town which can be inconvenient if you don't like to walk 30 minutes for food but the location is right in the nature with mountains around you so very relaxing. They..."
Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Alibaba's Hotel
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre..."
"I spent two night at the Alibaba’s hotel and it was all perfect. The room was really big, clean and with an amazing view on the port and the bay. The location it’s really convenient because is one minute walking..."
Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
#3 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying in..."
"Stayed 2 nights at family run Anh Khoi hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice window overlooking Cat Ba bay. We also booked a guided kayaking tour to see the bay. Thanks Vuong for a great and warm..."
Tran Chau Garden home
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a..."
"This is probably the very best place to stay on Cat Ba, situated just a couple of miles outside the town. A dozen cabins furnished in zen-like simplicity surrounding a lovely garden landscape. Peaceful and quiet..."
Lee Apartment & Hotel
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Golden Land Hotel
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and good..."
"Exactly what my partner and I were after, clean and tidy, accurate to what was advertised and the owners were lovely people. The view of the adjacent lush mountain was such a nice surprise, waking up to the sounds..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#56 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
Momizi Hotel Hai Phong
3 reviews
#58 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"that was funny trip , room equipment normal but the staff is good .They are really nice, thought im gona die when i got stomachache but the guy he gave me menth for free and take care me of me .Got dam..n you save..."
"it was a wonderful trip，thought I was alone in Vietnam，but I stayed with the hotel staffs a lot，we talked and ate，I didn't feel lonely.The staff can speak English is really good，I have stayed at the hotel above 30..."
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
