Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Boutique Resorts
THE BEST Boutique Resorts in Da Nang
Da Nang Boutique Resorts
These charming, stylish abodes come with tons of personality.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boutique
Matches:Boutique
Missing:Resort
Grandvrio City Danang by Route Inn Group
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
975 reviews
In Da Nang
#49 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel is very good and very clean... The internet is free and very strong.... The breakfast is so delicious...... The staff were very friendly and..."
Best Seller
Wink Hotel Danang Centre
527 reviews
1.1 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Hai Chau
"- clean room, fully equipped - central and modern hotel - friendly and professional staff, Linh is very nice - 24h stay, unlike other hotels in Vietnam, a great and unique policy."
"This place is really good to stay at, the staffs are friendly , Nhung and the food is really good for breakfast, the room is comfortable too, everything is convenient here, and the cool thing is check out!"
2023
Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
1,379 reviews
#4 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Our stay at Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel was fantastic, with a spacious and modern room (including a great view of the river and the dragon bridge), a very comfortable bed, friendly and polite staff, and a convenien..."
"Excellent boutique hotel in a quiet lane but close to everything in town."
Brilliant Majestic Hotel
48 reviews
2.4 miles from Da Nang
#15 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made me..."
"i have spent 1 night in this hotel, room is so nice and clean, and have the window. But the view is not really good ( staircase ) . Staffs are friendly. Everything is okay with me, i will back soon in next trip."
Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,455 reviews
#5 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Thank you so much and see you soon Small boutique hotel but large good service."
"とても綺麗で良いホテル Upon arrival, all staff was very attentive and helpful, kindness, greetings us cool welcome drink."
Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
#109 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed at Fivitel Boutique Da Nang for 4 nights in March 2023 and I was so impressed with all aspects of the stay."
"Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking..."
Salmalia Boutique Hotel & Spa
82 reviews
#121 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Wh have found our happy place.A small boutique hotel, easy walking distance to My Khe Beach and staff who are just exceptional."
"Fabulous boutique hotel."
Grand Sunrise Boutique Hotel
454 reviews
#72 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had great experience with Grand Sunrise Boutique hotel, the hotel set in beautiful location, just 5 minutes walk to the beach."
"I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a boutique and cozy place to stay in Da Nang."
Moc Lan Boutique Hotel
27 reviews
#191 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no..."
"Love this quaint hotel. Well thought through. Room amenities are nice. Netflix system is a plus. The room is exactly like in the picture. Staff is extremely helpful. Thank you for the great stay. Location is a bit..."
Le House Boutique Hotel
137 reviews
#143 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Clean, spacious and modern room."
"Good Location only 5 minutes on foot to the beach, fair for room charge & provided value (I book the room without breakfast with only $20). The staff is friendly and well-support when I ask for motorbike rental..."
Top Rated
Minh House
95 reviews
#1 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"The rooms were decorated with a modern touch, comfy beds, and with everything you need at a hotel."
"The room and hotel itself is stunning - modern, clean, beautiful."
The Han Hotel
72 reviews
#137 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established hotel..."
"This hotel has a garden and a litle pool, the rooms are big and fully furnished (with cable TV in English and French). So, it feels almost luxurious. There are plenty of really nice restaurants near by and/or shops..."
The Leaf Boutique Hotel
4 reviews
#356 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Everything is amazing. The staff is very very kind and helpfull and the rooms are very clean. The position for us was perfect because is near the sea and the restaurants are at 10 min with the car. We will return..."
"Staff went out of their way at times to ensure a good stay, hence it felt like a true second home. Their flexibility with the motorbike rental was also appreciated. Highly recommended place in Da Nang."
Mai Boutique Hotel
80 reviews
#166 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever!! Highly..."
"This is a wonderful property with very helpful staff. I really felt like they went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of and my needs were met. The breakfast was nice and the room and bed were very..."
Palmier Hotel & Apartment
168 reviews
#120 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Located very close to the Han River Bridge, facing the sea, it is very cool and can see the city from above. The room is decorated in fresh colors but in contrast to the oversized black toilet, the room is quite old..."
"Beautiful memory with my friends here, everyone is so nice. Place near supermarket, bar, restaurant with river view so you can walk and enjoy the city atmosphere. The decoration style is more like home give me a..."
The Samson Boutique
#411 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"it is a very exciting trip at Samson boutique, the nice receptionist, mis Ni trần , sheis very nice , she í always help me whener i need , every thing here is ok , expeccially, the bufee in the morning, we will..."
Bridges Danang Boutique Hotel
29 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#16 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Cool aesthetics, inspiring room with lots of natural light and a great view, apparent concern for the ecological footprint, 5-minute walk to the beach, 5-minute walk from a lovely macrobiotic restaurant."
"Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would..."
Grand Ocean Luxury Boutique Hotel
56 reviews
#186 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed here for 3 days. The hotel is just walking distance to the beach. It is also near the restaurants, pharmacy, grocery stores, laundry shop, and spas. The pool is located in the 14th floor which is overlooking..."
"Me and my wife visited Vietnam in June 2022. During our visit, we got a chance to stay at Grand Ocean, Danang for two nights. We loved our stay throughout the duration and reasons are plenty. 1. Superb front..."
Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 71 hotels in My An
"Excellent boutique hotel located a stone’s throw away from the beach and surrounded by eateries and watering holes. 2 eateries - Adobo and Bikini Bottom along the street parallel to the hotel are a must try."
"What a beautiful stay here in Senorita Boutique Hotel !"
The Now Boutique Hotel
18 reviews
1.4 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 32 B&Bs / Inns in My An
"Lovely facilities with top notch services. Bring me smiles. They also provide motobike services (good one, must try here) with reasonable prices. Also very convenient to get to tourist locations in Danang"
"I enjoyed every minute of staying in this wonderful hotel. The rooms are cozy and neat. I loved it so much that stayed there for entire month ! Staff was extremely helpful. Especially adorable Tuyet Hao who helped..."
Sea Vista Boutique Hotel
11 reviews
#231 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The host is a very nice gentleman, well communicated with fluent in English , so efficiency to answer my questions and arrangements. The hotel apartment is big enough, so cosy clean and quiet . Meanwhile it’s..."
"Our room was clean and bright. The hotel was just minutes away from the beach, and the service was top notch. We’ll definitely comeback again. They do have cheap transportation too so that was a plus. I and my wife..."
Bisou Cocobay Danang
34 reviews
#362 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"So, why did we book the place? Because we wanted to be in Da Nang but do not want the crowds. The hotel room itself is worth the price (bed, pillows, room size) however, they designed the bathroom and toilet areas..."
"Quite impressive for the festival music but hotel room to small. Far from city and the airport. And 15 minutes to Hoi An. They have 2 bisou hotel so quite confusing to check in. Some construction out site from my..."
Prana Boutique Hotel & Apartments
#229 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Everything about this hotel was truely fab . the staff were extremely helpful when needed . they book taxis give you placed to go . Room was fab and spotlessly clean . breakfast was good . the pool was amazing and..."
"The Prana Botique hotel is a gem in Da Nang. The monent you step inside you feel the welcome. The staff are amazing, so helpful and friendly. Nothing is a bother and smiles are always there. The rooms are spacious..."
Pāma Boutique Hotel & Bistro
19 reviews
#158 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Sparkling clean New Boutique Hotel one block from the beach, beach views from some room ."
"Pama Hotel Boutique is a lovely and welcoming inn."
Sang Boutique Villa
2 reviews
#341 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The location is great 10 mins walking from beach. It is surrounded by shops and restaurants. The rooms were very clean and comfortable with modern yet classy interior. The indoor pool was lovely. The staff was..."
"Very nice clean hotel. Hotel is small enough and warm with super friendly staff. Cozy hotel and close to beach, to other businesses within walking distance. Very safe location, you feel like you want to stay longer..."
Bella Boutique Villa Apartment
23 reviews
2.6 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 60 Specialty lodging in Son Tra Peninsula
"My partner and I have been staying at Bella Boutique for several weeks now, during the crazy year that is 2020. The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are always very clean and are of a good size. They also come..."
"Excellent hotel stay here with a group most friendlies and warm team got hotel staffs. They are always ever ready to help to advise us for sure seeing place, and local food to recommended. Upon arriving, We..."
Dreamy Sky Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
#248 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Even though it’s very cheap price, they didn’t do any basic cleaning. The fan and light in the room was all dusted and there were hairs and eye lashes on the bed. If I were you, I would like to recommend you to..."
"Stayed here as we were passing through da nang before heading to nha trang. This hotel is beyond awful!! Avoid like the plague. Rock solid beds, everything in sight is dirty and broken! Inches of grim on the fan..."
Benzen Boutique Stays
10 reviews
#76 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Excellent location, near the head of the dragon bridge and a few steps away from the night market. It is more a hostel than a hotel. The bathroom is not ensuite but is directly opposite the room. The hostel was..."
"Fantastic location, few steps away from the Dragon Bridge. Staff very friendly and kind, keen to communicate despite the language barrier. Rooms tidy and clean, with small terrace. a/c and towels, keen and..."
VernalHome Boutique Danang
8 reviews
#22 of 71 hotels in My An
"Beautiful place! The room we stayed at were really clean and spacious. The staff were super helpful and friendly. Great location - pretty close to the beach but still ensures a quiet stay if needed. There was also a..."
"New hotel with fantastic design. Friendly staff and very good service. Good location. It’s very close to the beautiful beach, only 12’ walking. Quiet place for rest. Price is reasonable. Will come back and stay..."
Frangipani Boutique Hotel
203 reviews
#2 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"This is a lovely little hotel. Strange to have a swimming pool in reception, but we had a perfectly good stay here. The hotel feels very different to the glitz of Da Nang seafront. Breakfast is great; choose from..."
"oogle My stay at this hotel was great and the service was better. Ms. Thoa the breakfast server was extremely nice and very attentive to her guest!! Housekeeping was great as well, thank you for keeping my room..."
Popular destinations for Boutique Resorts
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Cebu Island
From the cosmopolitan metropolis of Cebu City and the white-sand beaches of Mactan to the electric-blue waters of Kawasan Falls and the whale sharks of Oslob, it’s easy to see why Cebu Island is one of the Philippines’ top destinations.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
Dambulla
Thekkady
Popular Da Nang Categories
Luxury Resorts
Charming Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
- clean room, fully equipped - central and modern hotel - friendly and professional staff, Linh is very nice - 24h stay, unlike other hotels in Vietnam, a great and unique policy.
- clean room, fully equipped - central and
modern hotel
- friendly and professional staff, Linh is very nice - 24h stay, unlike other hotels in Vietnam, a great and unique policy.
This place is really good to stay at, the staffs are friendly , Nhung and the food is really good for breakfast, the room is comfortable too, everything is convenient here, and the cool thing is check out!
This place is really good to stay at, the staffs are friendly , Nhung and the food is really good for breakfast, the room is comfortable too, everything is convenient here, and the
cool thing
is check out!
Our stay at Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel was fantastic, with a spacious and modern room (including a great view of the river and the dragon bridge), a very comfortable bed, friendly and polite staff, and a convenien...
Our stay at Cozy Danang
Boutique Hotel
was fantastic, with a spacious and modern room (including a great view of the river and the dragon bridge), a very comfortable bed, friendly and polite staff, and a convenien...
Excellent boutique hotel in a quiet lane but close to everything in town.
Excellent boutique hotel
in a quiet lane but close to everything in town.
Thank you so much and see you soon Small boutique hotel but large good service.
Thank you so much and see you soon
Small boutique hotel
but large good service.
とても綺麗で良いホテル Upon arrival, all staff was very attentive and helpful, kindness, greetings us cool welcome drink.
とても綺麗で良いホテル Upon arrival, all staff was very attentive and helpful, kindness, greetings us
cool
welcome drink.
I stayed at Fivitel Boutique Da Nang for 4 nights in March 2023 and I was so impressed with all aspects of the stay.
I stayed at Fivitel
Da Nang for 4 nights in March 2023 and I was so impressed with all aspects of the stay.
Wh have found our happy place.A small boutique hotel, easy walking distance to My Khe Beach and staff who are just exceptional.
Wh have found our happy place.A small
boutique hotel
, easy walking distance to My Khe Beach and staff who are just exceptional.
Fabulous boutique hotel.
Fabulous boutique hotel
.
I had great experience with Grand Sunrise Boutique hotel, the hotel set in beautiful location, just 5 minutes walk to the beach.
I had great experience with Grand Sunrise
Boutique hotel
, the hotel set in beautiful location, just 5 minutes walk to the beach.
I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a boutique and cozy place to stay in Da Nang.
I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a
boutique
and cozy place to stay in Da Nang.
Clean, spacious and modern room.
Clean, spacious and
modern room
The rooms were decorated with a modern touch, comfy beds, and with everything you need at a hotel.
The rooms were decorated with a
modern touch
, comfy beds, and with everything you need at a hotel.
The room and hotel itself is stunning - modern, clean, beautiful.
The room and hotel itself is stunning -
modern
, clean, beautiful.
Cool aesthetics, inspiring room with lots of natural light and a great view, apparent concern for the ecological footprint, 5-minute walk to the beach, 5-minute walk from a lovely macrobiotic restaurant.
Cool
aesthetics, inspiring room with lots of natural light and a great view, apparent concern for the ecological footprint, 5-minute walk to the beach, 5-minute walk from a lovely macrobiotic restaurant.
Excellent boutique hotel located a stone’s throw away from the beach and surrounded by eateries and watering holes. 2 eateries - Adobo and Bikini Bottom along the street parallel to the hotel are a must try.
located a stone’s throw away from the beach and surrounded by eateries and watering holes. 2 eateries - Adobo and Bikini Bottom along the street parallel to the hotel are a must try.
What a beautiful stay here in Senorita Boutique Hotel !
What a beautiful stay here in Senorita
!
Sparkling clean New Boutique Hotel one block from the beach, beach views from some room .
Sparkling clean New
one block from the beach, beach views from some room .
Pama Hotel Boutique is a lovely and welcoming inn.
Pama
Hotel Boutique
is a lovely and welcoming inn.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
