Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE BEST Motels near Cat Ba Island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Motels near Cat Ba Island
View map
Motels near Cat Ba Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cat Ba Island
Popular
& up
0
Kids Activities
1
+345
Property types
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+137
Specialty lodgings
+67
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Restaurant
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
4 of 1,905 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cat Ba Island

Highest-rated hotel within a 8 minute walk of Cat Ba Island
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Closest
1. Nam Phuong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
80 reviews
188 1 4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
0.4 miles from Cat Ba Island
#1 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...”
2. Bin Bop Hotel
1 review
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
16.0 miles from Cat Ba Island
#2 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
3. Viet Dzung Motel
0 reviews
1058 | Bai Chay, Ha Long, Vietnam
16.7 miles from Cat Ba Island
#3 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
4. Motel Berlin
Duong Le Hong Phong, 5 Tang, Hai Phong, Vietnam
24.7 miles from Cat Ba Island
#4 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor’s suggestions below:
Top Rated
Breakfast included
Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from Cat Ba Island
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“I will definitely return and I could not recommend this hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.”
Cat Ba Hostel
Hostel
187 reviews
160 Nui Ngoc Street | Cát Bà Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#7 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Got a good price in the hostel when just walking in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…”
Cannon Fort Cat Ba Hotel
Specialty Hotel
134 reviews
243 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#1 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...”
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
245 - Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba national park, we will come back again if we have free time.”
CatBa Lucky Family Hotel
Lodge
40 reviews
No. 25 Lot 2 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#16 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…”
Cocoon Inn Cat Ba
Bed and Breakfast
9 reviews
Nui Ngoc Street | 48 Lot 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#26 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“This hostel was great! It had everything you needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...”
Cat Ba Green Hotel
26 reviews
225-227 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#33 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Great location, helpful staff and good rooms. Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...”
Golden Land Hotel
6 reviews
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…”
Immanuel Hotel
15 reviews
192 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#30 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...”
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
180 Nui Ngoc Street | Cat Ba Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…”
New Horizon Hotel
3 reviews
158 Nui Ng_c, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#38 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...”
Cat Ba Family Hotel
33 reviews
245 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#10 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Basic, but clean, quiet, and very good staff. Excellent value for what you pay. I would not hesitate to recommend. Good location as well - about a block up from the main strip. Close enough that it's a very...”
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
246, Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#39 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…”
Green Cat Ba Hostel
32 reviews
279 Nui Ngoc | Cat Hai District, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0031, Vietnam
#49 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Staff didn't speak English so was a little difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…”
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
279, Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#26 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“Very good hotel in Cat Ba Island”
Duc Vinh Hotel
06 Alley 04 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#82 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Thought it would be valuable to write a review as this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…”
Cat Ba Green House
92 reviews
249 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 110701, Vietnam
#3 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“We chose this based on reviews and were pleased with room for price. Spacious, clean and air con. Breakfast was fine and location was close to town and seafront . Staff were helpful and advice and help when needed ”
Thanh Cong 2 Hotel
7 reviews
No. 1 Ngang Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#52 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Check-in was seamless and the receptionist Thao went above and beyond to ensure my husband and I had a comfortable stay. Her English is great and since we didn't have phones that work in Vietnam, she offered to be...”
Golden Land
22 Lo 2 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#43 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Jerry is the best manager who speaks English fluently and gives you the best tips to do! the hotel is clean, new, fresh colours, mountain view, verrrryyyy close to everything (you can walk to the beaches...”
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
168 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#35 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
Ciao Cat Ba Hotel
27 reviews
265 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#55 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“The staff is helpful especially the staff whose name is Nga, who helped us and give suggestion to us for the food in Cat Ba Island. Nice location for the hotel if you want to walk around the town centre.”
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
283 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...”
Cat Ba Golden Palace Hotel
2 reviews
186 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#89 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Catba Sunrise Hotel
09 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#58 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…”
Queen Hotel Cat Ba
No.1 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#87 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“To sleep, perchance to dream... no chance here! There are better places for the money close by, avoid this one. It's a hotel for the locals and you won't find an English speaker here which is fine until there's…”
Ngoc Lan Ahn
200 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#62 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…”
Motels Near Cat Ba Island information
Motels Near Cat Ba Island, Cat Ba
There are 1 Motels close to Cat Ba Island in Cat Ba
Motels Near Cat Ba Island Reviews
There are 80 reviews on Tripadvisor for Motels nearby
Motels Near Cat Ba Island Photos
There are 44 photos on Tripadvisor for Motels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.39 mi
4 of 1,905
Clear all filters
Highest-rated hotel
188 1 4 Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also
rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai
Halong Bay,
1058
Bai Chay
Ha Long,
Duong Le Hong Phong, 5 Tang
Hai Phong,
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
I will definitely return and I could not recommend this hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.
I will definitely return and I could not recommend this
hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.
160 Nui Ngoc Street
Cát Bà Town Beach
Got a good price in the hostel when just walking in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…
Got a good price in the hostel when just walking
in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…
243 Nui Ng_c
My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...
My husband and I stayed here for two nights in
March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...
245 - Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba national park, we will come back again if we have free time.
very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience
for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba
Cat Ba island
national park, we will come back again if we have free time.
No. 25 Lot 2 Nui Ngoc
Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…
Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around
South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…
Nui Ngoc Street
48 Lot 2
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
This hostel was great! It had everything you needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...
This hostel was great! It had everything you
needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...
225-227 Nui Ngoc
Great location, helpful staff and good rooms. Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...
Great location, helpful staff and good rooms.
Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452,
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately
there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
192 Nui Ngoc
Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...
Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even
better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...
180 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313,
Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
Hard to beat the location and general clean and
tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
158 Nui Ng_c
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...
We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were
so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...
245 Nui Ngoc
Basic, but clean, quiet, and very good staff. Excellent value for what you pay. I would not hesitate to recommend. Good location as well - about a block up from the main strip. Close enough that it's a very...
Basic, but clean, quiet, and very good staff.
Excellent value for what you pay. I would not hesitate to recommend. Good location as well - about a block up from the main strip. Close enough that it's a very...
246, Street 1/4
What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…
What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap,
but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…
279 Nui Ngoc
Cat Hai District
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0031,
Staff didn't speak English so was a little difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…
Staff didn't speak English so was a little
difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…
279, Duong Nui Ngoc
Very good hotel in Cat Ba Island
06 Alley 04 Nui Ngoc
Thought it would be valuable to write a review as this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…
Thought it would be valuable to write a review as
this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…
249 Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 110701,
We chose this based on reviews and were pleased with room for price. Spacious, clean and air con. Breakfast was fine and location was close to town and seafront . Staff were helpful and advice and help when needed
We chose this based on reviews and were pleased
with room for price. Spacious, clean and air con. Breakfast was fine and location was close to town and seafront . Staff were helpful and advice and help when needed
No. 1 Ngang Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
Check-in was seamless and the receptionist Thao went above and beyond to ensure my husband and I had a comfortable stay. Her English is great and since we didn't have phones that work in Vietnam, she offered to be...
Check-in was seamless and the receptionist Thao
went above and beyond to ensure my husband and I had a comfortable stay. Her English is great and since we didn't have phones that work in Vietnam, she offered to be...
22 Lo 2 Duong Nui Ngoc
Jerry is the best manager who speaks English fluently and gives you the best tips to do! the hotel is clean, new, fresh colours, mountain view, verrrryyyy close to everything (you can walk to the beaches...
Jerry is the best manager who speaks English
fluently and gives you the best tips to do! the hotel is clean, new, fresh colours, mountain view, verrrryyyy close to everything (you can walk to the beaches...
168 1/4 Street
265 Nui Ngoc Street
The staff is helpful especially the staff whose name is Nga, who helped us and give suggestion to us for the food in Cat Ba Island. Nice location for the hotel if you want to walk around the town centre.
The staff is helpful especially the staff whose
name is Nga, who helped us and give suggestion to us for the food in Cat Ba Island. Nice location for the hotel if you want to walk around the town centre.
283 Nui Ngoc
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an
ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
186 Nui Ngoc
09 Nui Ngoc Street
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily)
the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
No.1 Nui Ngoc
To sleep, perchance to dream... no chance here! There are better places for the money close by, avoid this one. It's a hotel for the locals and you won't find an English speaker here which is fine until there's…
To sleep, perchance to dream... no chance here!
There are better places for the money close by, avoid this one. It's a hotel for the locals and you won't find an English speaker here which is fine until there's…
200 Duong Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000,
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but
never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
