Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with EV Charging
THE 10 BEST Hotels with EV Charging in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Electric vehicle charging station
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
18 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
Best Seller
1. Muong Thanh Grand Da Nang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,182 reviews
#1 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"I have visited here with my husband. The hotel that I chose was the best choice. The hotel has a nice view to see the dragon bridge and gorgeous lobby. Also, there are many kind people who help me when I stay here..."
2023
2. Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
#2 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious. Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering..."
3. Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
183 reviews
#3 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang! Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly and..."
4. SOCO Hotel
171 reviews
#4 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"Great Value. Room and facilities are fine. No complaints. The hotel room window had no classic view of the city or beach, but oddly the shower window had the best view of the city from the room. Maybe opt for a..."
5. Royal Charm Hotel
20 reviews
#5 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"I went to Da Nang in last month. I chose Royal Charm to stay for 3 days. The room was so clean and comfortable. The receiptionst did give us some sugguestion for booking tour to Hue and Hoi An. They were so friendly"
"The triple room is made up from a double bed and a super single bed. The double bed is overly too small to accommodate even 2 small-medium size ladies- 150cm(51kg), 156cm(53kg). The bath room shower is rusted and..."
6. Le Hoang Beach Hotel
766 reviews
#6 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"I had the opportunity to visit Da Nang and try the experience at Le Hoang Hotel and found that this hotel has a quite luxurious and clean model, it gives me a vacation with more beautiful and interesting..."
"I extended my stay from 3 days to 7 days because I was being well taken care of by the staff. The room was spacious and the breakfast was plentyful. The swimming pool is a little small other than that everything was..."
All Inclusive
7. Coco Ocean Resort
21 reviews
#7 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"Nice resort and clean. Courteous and friendly staff. Location is a bit far from city center. Rented vans charge an additional VND300k for the location. But overall, we had an enjoyable stay. You can also get Grab..."
"We are pleased to meet Anna , the receptionist of Carinae. She gives us very good advice for traveling Danang, as well as coordinate issues of recreation, sight seeing and river cruises. By the way, she is..."
8. Gold Plaza Hotel
1 review
#8 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
9. Parze Ocean Hotel & Spa
75 reviews
#9 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"I stayed at this hotel during the pandemic outbreak (Covid 19). I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, even helping with important documents, such as, Visa and travel paperwork. Ricky, the manager..."
"Would available recommend this hotel. Staff are great friendly and professional. The hotel manager Ricky is also extremely helpful and will help with anything, even if it's completely unrelated to staying in the..."
10. Tehana Beach Hotel Da Nang
#10 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
11. Valencia Hotel Danang
8 reviews
#11 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"nicely appointed rooms, stylish and spacious, clean and tidy, nice reception staff. breakfast is a bit limited, but you have all the options in the restaurants close by. definitely staying there again when i'm back..."
"My friend and i recently stayed at the valencia hotel for 3 nights and had an awesome experience. The room was beautiful, spacious, and clean. It is only one block from the beach and everything you need is quite..."
12. Bien Vang Hotel
9 reviews
#12 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"We where recommended this hotel, 3 Stars etc and the rooms were nice and clean staff pleasant and helpful, but quite frankly it has nothing around it... Thank God there is a K mart (mini shop) close by and we were..."
"The room is clean and beautiful designs. The staff specially in lobby terrible English both girls in night & morning duty, beautiful face but not polite helping guest, I rent motor for 1 day to eat outside and..."
13. Abogo Point Resort Villa Pool Golf Da Nang
0 reviews
#13 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
14. Sea Flower Hotel Da Nang
#14 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"Booked hotel with swimming pool: No water in swimming pool. Fan in room not working. Unhelpful staff Staff said water in swimming pool tomorrow. This was untrue as visited and photographed. No water in pool. Fan..."
15. Abogo
5 reviews
#15 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
"ABOGO TERRIBLE COMPANY THEY DONT REFUND MONEY FOR 30 DAYS BUT THEY TAKE IT IN 2 MINUTES I WILL NEVER USE THIS SERVICE AGAIN WAS USING FOR OVER 30 DAYS SPENT ALOT OF MONEY WITH THE COMPANY BUT NEVER AGAIN"
"The property was different from what was advertised. There were marks on the walls throughout, cracks in the walls, and multiple holes in the decking which was a safety hazard. The hotel management were very..."
16. Thao Ocean Villas
#16 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
17. Emblem Sea Beach Front Villas
#17 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
18. Martin Ho Hotel by Medii
#18 Best Value of 18 Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
Hotels with EV Charging nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Hotels with EV Charging
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Mysore District
Idukki District
Belgaum
Kangra District
Sakata
Eastern Province
Hamilton Island
Southern District
Mersin
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Electric vehicle charging stationHotels & Motels
The Five Villas & Resort Quangnam Danang
34 reviews
7.8 miles from Da Nang
#3 of 5 hotels in Dien Ban
"The villa is so beautiful and huge. A very good choice of vacations. It also provides free pick up services and transportation to the airport~ they have room cleaning everyday and everything keeps tidy. It contains..."
"It was very clean, cozy, quiet place and we really had a good time. Office staffs, Do Quy and Ha Pham and others are very kind. Special thanks to the people who served breakfast every morning and cleand house..."
Golden Soulmate Homestay
15 reviews
14.7 miles from Da Nang
#247 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"We stayed here for 3 nights after extending for one night. This was no problem at all. The family is super friendly and english was not a problem at all. I lost my bag one night and they helped me with finding it..."
"We spent a beautiful night at Golden Soulmate homestay! Tam is a good, smiling and very helpful person, she made us taste local food at her home and gave valuable advice . Her family is charming! Best homestay so..."
Matches:Electric vehicle charging station
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Ocean View Hotel Da Nang
38 reviews
In Da Nang
#27 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"The staff were awesome and super helpful. The rooms are clean and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast was great and had pretty good variety although the person cooking eggs never got mind right. The location..."
"Not sure of the name, i think her name is Heidi She in her pink Vietnamese dress, She is wonderful. The service we received was Great. The hotel is very clean adequate for our stay. My family stayed e five of..."
AVA Hotel & Apartment
3 reviews
#99 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"The location is only a five minute walk to the beach and close to lots of great restaurants. The cleaning service was great and we received our security deposit promptly when we checked out. If you are planning a..."
"Just finished a 5 week stay. Staff is wonderful. DaNang is getting busier now that Covid restrictions have been eased. They have just finished redoing the sidewalks on the Ava side of Tran Bach Dang st. Mini..."
Sunshine Hotel
#342 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
Resort Villa Beach Da Nang
#370 of 375 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
HB+ Hotel & Apartment
#114 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Location is excellent and would be anideal location for a long term stay Room was ok, however, does need some maintenance. Staff accommodating. Roof top pool with view very nice. Disappointing that the restaurant..."
"Not sure where to begin.🤔. We where greeted at the reception and welcomed into a paradise of a place. The atmosphere was of one of the warmest welcomes we have ever had on our travels. (And we have travelled far..."
Hoang Linh Hotel
57 reviews
#52 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"We booked a room for 1 night using Avíos points- the cash price was about $15. The hotel is situated on the main road alongside the river, with lots of coffee shops and local restaurants and a few bars within a 10..."
"Had booked the river view rooms for 2 nights . I think there are only two such rooms in the hotel which is tragic given that the property is optimally located right on the riverside. Great views from the room. They..."
Codi Sea Hotel & Travel
#101 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"The location was excellent, near by the beach, easy to go beach by walking, around 5-10 Minutes. The room is good with basic facilities and equipment, comfortable and cozy! Thank you very much, well done!"
"Positives: The hotel room is comfortable enough and in a good location, on a well-lit street and only 6minutes walk to the beach and about 20-25 minutes walk to the dragon bridge and night market. Bed is..."
Carol's Homestay & Apartment
3.0 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 46 B&Bs / Inns in Son Tra Peninsula
"This is a cosy place with a good location. The homestay is pets friendly and it’s very important because we are traveling with the cat. The room is clean and fully furnished. The owner is very nice and helpful. We..."
"We absolutely loved our stay at Carol's Homestay! Carol is very attentive and ensures that her guests are as comfortable as can be. The rooms are all spacious and full of natural light. The building is new and each..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Electric vehicle charging station
Grandvrio City Danang by Route Inn Group
975 reviews
#49 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel is very good and very clean... The internet is free and very strong.... The breakfast is so delicious...... The staff were very friendly and..."
Lotus Rock 05 Hotel
1.8 miles from Da Nang
#16 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"We had a great Staying there. The room was clean and good smell! Lovely staff with good smile and helpful. The price was reasonable, only 9 USD per night, but I think will be more expensive in thẻ future when the..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Da Nang
18
Hotels Prices From
$10
Hotels Reviews
3,573
Hotels Photos
3,717
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with ev charging
What are the best hotels with ev charging near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with ev charging are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with ev charging in Da Nang?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
18 of 2601
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
