Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Ng c wrote a review Oct 2023
1 contribution
Amazing
Nice infinity pool with fantastic breakfast. Staff are nice. The room is big and clean, very comfy to stay. Beach is just next to the hotel. Would definitely stay in this hotel again when visit Da nang
Read more
Date of stay: October 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Oct 30, 2023
Dear Guest, First of all, À La Carte Danang Beach would like to thank you and your family for choosing to stay at our hotel. We hope to still welcome your family back to the hotel on another occasion. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Departure29702886183 wrote a review Oct 2023
2 contributions1 helpful vote
Very worth for values beautiful pool
Wonderful with this unbeatable room rate! Surprised the hotel is well maintained. Beautiful roof top infinity pool!! Just cross the road and reach my khe beach in 30 seconds. The very low room rate also includes a very good breakfast. Many choices and most of the are delicious! Staff is super nice and welcoming. Love and will definitely return to this hotel!
Dear Guest Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on TripAdvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Escape40488152394 wrote a review Oct 2023
Two thumbs up! Yay
Great service, foods are good. Happy to stay at this hotel, will refer this hotel to friends and relatives. I will come back to stay here when visit Danang in the future. This is my first time going back to Vietnam and I really enjoy Danang as well as A là carte hotel.
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on TripAdvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Jo F wrote a review Oct 2023
Edmonton, Canada5 contributions4 helpful votes
+1
A La Carte, a wonderful hotel!
A La Carte is situated along the beach. A pedestrian crosswalk separates the hotel and beach. We chose a light studio room which gave us a lot of space. The bed was firm and very comfortable. Every staff member at A La Carte was always helpful and friendly (thank you Victor and your team). There are many restaurants in within walking distance. There’s a lovely Infinity pool with a bar on the 23rd floor. Daily breakfast was a great spread with a lot of choices. Hotel staff are very mindful of guests safety. They called for an attendant to be at the pool when I was the only person swimming in the rain! The hotel isn’t very far from the city centre. We used Grab and is walkable to the Dragon Bridge and Vincom shopping mall.
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Google. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Curiosity429145 wrote a review Oct 2023
We would recommend this hotel.
The room we were in was wonderful with a great view of the beach across the road. We enjoyed our morning and evening walks on the beach. The bed and the couch were really comfortable. A complimentary breakfast was included which was a buffet filled with both Vietnamese and non Vietnamese food, all of it good. The staff were gracious, available, quick to answer any request. The only drawback, which is not the fault of the hotel, was that every night there was loud, thumping, music playing across the street in a bar until at least midnight. If that would bother you ask for a room facing the other side of the hotel.
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! Best regards, À La Carte Team
Peter K wrote a review Oct 2023
3 contributions
Super stay with super service
Great stay with a super service! Fantastic support from Ngoc Han & A la carte Hotel Team. Thank you so much. More than great. Big recommendation to all who want to travel to Da Nang in central Vietnam
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon Best regards, À La Carte Team
mfjanny L wrote a review Oct 2023
First time of Danang Trip
We stayed for 4 night The hotel was closed to the entrance of the beach,about 15 min to the airport. We enjoyed the infinity swimming pool during night time with good view. breakfast OK. NGO HAN & KIM HUNG were very friendly and helpful. They provided useful information about the sightseeing tour and using the Grab App.
Vader wrote a review Oct 2023
New Delhi, India2 contributions
One of the best beach hotels in Da Nang for sure!
One of the best hotel experiences that I’ve had so far! Will strongly suggest paying extra for the ocean facing room, the view is breathtaking (especially from the higher floors). The beach is super accessible from the hotel and it’s practically a beach resort since you just have to cross the road to reach the beach. The breakfast assortment is also very good.
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Google. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Joe S wrote a review Sep 2023
Great trip, great place!
Beautiful pool, bar, room, and breakfast! Overall, very nice place and good location. Be sure to check out the night market if you love seafood, like lobster, shrimp, clams, oysters, and everything else you can think of!
Date of stay: September 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! Best regards, À La Carte Da Nang Beach
GrandTour743865 wrote a review Aug 2023
29 contributions8 helpful votes
PERFECT 좋았어!!!
Amazing! Fantastic! Whatever, don't have enough words to compliment that hotel. We are very happy with the stay as the all of them was welcoming & helpful. When I lost my mobile in grab taxi, they found it for me in 3 hours. I can speak in vietanmes only Cảm ơn & Xin chào. Reception staff(both the female and male employees were wearing glasses) and short-haired security staff called the Grab Customer Center in Vietnam to help. Le Chi Van, the security manager tried to find the taxi number and contact grab taxi. When I came back from going out, there was a message in the room that they found my mobile. Finally Mr. Le Chi Van gave it me. Thực sự cảm ơn. We stayed in room #2005. The hotel was very good value. Room is spacious, very clean and comfy. Will definitely be back…
Date of stay: August 2023
Responded Aug 20, 2023
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Tripadvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Previous
Next
1…34567…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Ng c
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Departure29702886183
2 contributions
1 helpful vote
Escape40488152394
Jo F
Edmonton, Canada
5 contributions
4 helpful votes
Curiosity429145
Peter K
mfjanny L
Vader
New Delhi, India
Joe S
GrandTour743865
29 contributions
29
8 helpful votes
8
Amazing! Fantastic! Whatever, don't have enough words to compliment that hotel. We are very happy with the stay as the all of them was welcoming & helpful. When I lost my mobile in grab taxi, they found it for me in 3 hours. I can speak in vietanmes only Cảm ơn & Xin chào. Reception staff(both the female and male employees were wearing glasses) and short-haired security staff called the Grab Customer Center in Vietnam to help. Le Chi Van, the security manager tried to find the taxi number and contact grab taxi. When I came back from going out, there was a message in the room that they found my mobile. Finally Mr. Le Chi Van gave it me. Thực sự cảm ơn. We stayed in room #2005. The hotel was very good value. Room is spacious, very clean and comfy. Will definitely be back
…
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
