Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayTransportation in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Transportation
Transportation in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Taxis & Shuttles
Bus Transportation
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Good for Kids
Budget-friendly
Show more
92 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Transportation
20
Open now
By kyduyen1208
Always willing to share lots of interesting information and useful advice for our trip.
2. Halong Transport
16
By josephbI6268WV
We booked transport from Halong Bay to Hanoi old quarter and then back to our cruise ship on the next day.
Recommended Modes of Transportation (95)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
2 days 1 night discover Lan Ha Bay on Daiichi Boutique Cruise
Recommended by 100% of travelers
Audio Guides
from $122 per adult
Fantasea Cruise 3 Days 2 Nights On Boat
1
Bus Tours
from $228 per adult
Halong Day Trip From Hanoi
8
Full-day Tours
from $150 per adult
3. VIETTRIP
6
By Q2578BTjustinb
For around 39 USD (seriously), it included pickup from my Air BnB, transportation to and from Ha Long Bay, the cruise...
4. Halong Express Travel
12
By 524nansa
We used the program of Halong Express Travel program for hitting Halong Bay from Old Quarter. Everything was simply...
5. Luxury Van Halong Day tour
Bus Services
By namp252
Next time i will use Luxury Van Halong for my trip to HaLong again and definitely recommend it to my friends....
2023
6. Dora Cruise
1,146
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
By C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful cruise and...
7. Halong Bay Taxi
5
8. M'Gloria Cruise
621
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
By 27juliav
Perfect wonderful cruise , ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
9. Halongtaxi.vn
10. Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
432
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By Lisatje209734
Halong Bay is beautiful and this cruise makes sure you will enjoy your time while being amazed by the beauty of the s...
11. Ha Long Bay Lux Cruises
354
Parasailing & Paragliding • City Tours
12. La Casta Cruise
454
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By rosz126
A magical way to cruise on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
13. Sena Cruises
220
Taxis & Shuttles • Boat Tours
By 112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service Vegetarian food available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
14. La Casta Regal Cruise
428
By emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun cooking class!!
15. Vietnam port Transfers - Vince Group
16. Vietnam Port Transfers - Vince Group
17. Halong Transfer Service
45
By AJ2000-Sydney
... Mr Alex met us to take us back to the hotel and arranged a driver to transfer us to Hanoi next day by private car.
18. Halong Tour And Transport Service
102
City Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable day trip in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
19. Venus Halong Cruise
70
By Ashcmeh
Superb experience with venus cruise at halong bay....best hospitality and superb cuisine all throughout the day....be...
20. La Pandora cruise
55
By Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The cruise trip was well organised with lovely food and...
Discover Türkiye
Find out why travelers like you are raving about Türkiye
Explore now
21. Aqua Of The Seas Cruise
By 271kumaresanm
Excellent cruise The cruise has a luxury feel to it and came with lots of excursion activities whilst on board.
22. Authentic HALONG
129
Multi-day Tours • Hop-On Hop-Off Tours
23. Ambassador Halong Cruise
35
By NorthStar807340
Great place, great food great staffs, and our staff Lisa is a great person to host us friendly and very thoughtful, t...
24. Indochine Premium Halong Bay
By K8944MYjacquelinef
Ship was amazing - spotlessly clean, delicious food and excellent activities.
25. La Casta Daily Cruise & La Casta Premier Cruise
28
Historical & Heritage Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By DEdwards91
Wonderful cruise around Halong Bay with our very knowledgeable and helpful guide (Mr Duc), who took some of the best...
26. Lotus D'Orient Cruises
11
By pheonat2023
Food was amazing for every meal considering on a cruise, beds and room was clean, view was amazing, itinerary and act...
27. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
28. Halong Bay Cruises Tour - S.E.A Wander
77
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By Jcmayo1991
(A lot of the bathrooms throughout the whole trip had limited TP FYI) Once we got to HaLong Bay, we got checked into...
29. Halong Car Transfer Service
22
By Randy41560
The car service took us to and from Halong Bay. The vehicle was very comfortable, clean and new. The driver was very...
30. La Pinta Cruises
341
By Elliemae1611
We had an excellent time on La Pinta Cruise, the activities we did were all really fun the food served was amazing and...
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 92
What travelers are saying
kkraus
Salt Lake City, UT127 contributions
0
This is how transportation companies should do it
I was concerned we wouldn't find transport FROM Halong Bay to Hanoi rather than vice versa, but Halong Transportation was there for us. Great communication - I heard from them several days before our trip to confirm, which was comforting because I had a contact point. They sent photos of the vehicle and license plate information so it was easier to find the driver at the pickup point. The driver on the return trip even did a couple block detour for us so we could see one more sight before we left Hanoi.
Read more
Review of: Halong Transportation
Written December 2, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
ROSE B
2 contributions
New car and experienced driver.
We booked transport from Halong to Hanoi old quarter then back to our cruise ship on the next day. There was a new car and driver is very good too.
Review of: Halong Transport
Written December 19, 2023
Wander27745633328
Angarsk, Russia1 contribution
Halong, Nihn Binh
Thank you for organizing wonderful tours, Vietnam is a very beautiful country with an interesting culture, I am glad that I contacted you.
Review of: VIETTRIP
Written January 10, 2024
shpitid
Tel Aviv, Israel49 contributions
Great service!
Booked a drive from Halong Bay to Cat Bi airport. The driver came on time, it was a smooth and quiet ride. There was WiFi in the car and the driver gave us water bottle. And to top it off the price was half the price our hotel asked for.
Review of: Halong Express Travel
Written September 21, 2018
Jane H
Dublin, Ireland110 contributions
Superb
Most comfortable transfers to and from Halong Bay. The minivan was ‘Business Class’. Reclining seats, bottled water and WiFi.
Review of: Luxury Van Halong Day tour
Written February 27, 2019
Belinda D
Amazing experience! Wished we stayed longer
We had an amazing time. The staff were so lovely and helpful. Especially Linh Chi, she was very attentive in serving us and taking great group photos - we really appreciate it. Bruce Panda was very informative on our small boat rides to the cruise and activities.
Review of: Dora Cruise
Written March 8, 2024
Joyce N
1 contribution
Best Cruise
Went as a family vacation, the ship was up to date (clean and modern )everything was very organized. Our servers Yenly was very helpful anf her service was professional.
Will recommend to everyone.
Review of: M'Gloria Cruise
Riddhi P
Be with the best..😎
One of the bestest experience in Vietnam diaries..😎
The service in cruise was good...
Very nice co operative approach of manager..
Must visit..👍
Review of: Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
Written January 16, 2024
qualjohn
Napa, CA120 contributions
Ha Long Bay Disgrace
The Orchid Cruises ship itself was very nice. We had a great, well appointed room, that was very clean and provided great views. The food and activities on board were very good. We were, however, dissatisfied with a couple of things. My wife didn't care to go to the cave tour, which turned out to be a good thing. There was no explanation in advance about the physical fitness that would be required to complete the tour, which was above average, to negotiate excessive stairs often without railings (146 very steep stairs at the very start) both to reach the opening and exit it at the end. My wife could not have completed it and would have been embarrassed. The second disappointment was the bay itself, at least the part where our ship and literally 25 other large vessels anchored. It was like being enclosed in a village of tall buildings that virtually obscured enjoying the scenery of the Bay, which is the total point of going. Even more distasteful was the floating garbage that was everywhere, often forming large islands of plastic and styrofoam, with individual pieces as large as car doors, floating on water polluted with oil streaks. A fellow passenger who went kayaking in the morning, reported that the crew required that he be hosed off before leaving the deck. This is a UNESCO World Heritage Site!! The Vietnam Government's allowance of this natural gem to be overused (I was told there are up to 500 ships licensed to carry thousand of passengers a day to the Bay) and failure to protect it from rampant pollution, is a disgrace.

I have wanted to visit Ha Long Bay for years. I will never return nor recommend it to others, while it remains in this sad condition.
Review of: Ha Long Bay Lux Cruises
Written March 7, 2024
Ricky and Paula Tappenden
Kent, UK16 contributions
Paradise on La Casta Cruise
We were incredibly lucky to have the VIP suite on our trip. Our room included a whirlpool bath and our very own sauna.
The food was divine. Especially the evening meal, which was enjoyed with some wonderful cocktails.
We used our time to thoroughly relax on board, but others did go on the canoes and reported to have enjoyed their experience.
Review of: La Casta Cruise
Written February 29, 2024
goglasgow
Glasgow, UK25 contributions
Lovely Experience.
You’ll need lots of storage for your photos, the scenery is quite spectacular.
The cruise staff and accommodation were outstanding, extremely friendly. The cabins are fabulous with little balconies.
The selection of food was also delicious. Drinks were charged separately and as you’d expect from any cruise were rather expensive.
I would recommend the 2 night cruise as on the 1 night cruise you do not board until the afternoon and then dock again the next morning.
Review of: Sena Cruises
Written January 25, 2024
Aditi Mitra
Kolkata (Calcutta), India9 contributions
Vietnam diary
Exotic cruise and a beautiful place to stay. Hallong Bay is itself a beautiful place with rich natural beauty. Cruise had made the trip even more exotic and luxurious.
Thanks to Travellia from CCU India, for arranging the same.
We stayed only for 1 night but atleast a 2night stay was required.
Food displayed was super tasty. Drinks served were also excellent.
Review of: La Casta Regal Cruise
Written January 9, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for transportation in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for transportation in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best transportation in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best transportation in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best transportation in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best transportation in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
kyduyen1208
Always willing to share lots of interesting
information
and useful advice for our trip.
2.
josephbI6268WV
We booked transport from Halong Bay to Hanoi old quarter and then back to our
cruise ship
on the next day.
learn more
3.
Q2578BTjustinb
For around 39 USD (seriously), it included pickup from my Air BnB,
transportation
to and from Ha Long Bay, the cruise...
4.
524nansa
5.
namp252
6.
C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful
cruise
and...
7.
8.
27juliav
Perfect wonderful
, ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
9.
10.
Lisatje209734
Halong Bay is beautiful and this
makes sure you will enjoy your time while being amazed by the beauty of the s...
11.
12.
rosz126
A magical way to
on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
13.
112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service
Vegetarian food
available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
14.
emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun
cooking class
!!
15.
16.
17.
AJ2000-Sydney
... Mr Alex met us to take us back to the hotel and arranged a driver to transfer us to Hanoi next day by
private car
.
18.
Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable
day trip
in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
19.
Ashcmeh
Superb experience with venus cruise at halong bay....best
hospitality
and superb cuisine all throughout the day....be...
20.
Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The cruise trip was well organised with lovely
food
21.
271kumaresanm
Excellent
The
has a luxury feel to it and came with lots of excursion activities whilst on board.
22.
23.
NorthStar807340
Great place, great
great staffs, and our staff Lisa is a great person to host us friendly and very thoughtful, t...
24.
K8944MYjacquelinef
Ship was amazing - spotlessly clean, delicious
and excellent activities.
25.
DEdwards91
Wonderful
around Halong Bay with our very knowledgeable and helpful guide (Mr Duc), who took some of the best...
26.
pheonat2023
Food was amazing for every meal considering on a cruise, beds and room was clean, view was amazing,
itinerary
and act...
27.
Travellingfullys
28.
Jcmayo1991
29.
Randy41560
30.
Elliemae1611
Salt Lake City, UT
127 contributions
Angarsk, Russia
Tel Aviv, Israel
49 contributions
Dublin, Ireland
110 contributions
Napa, CA
120 contributions
Kent, UK
16 contributions
Glasgow, UK
25 contributions
Kolkata (Calcutta), India
9 contributions
