Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Restaurants  Bun Cha Ca
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Restaurants  
Da Nang Restaurants
Bun Cha Ca
Bun Cha Ca - CLOSED
Unclaimed
Save
Share
4.5 of 5 bubbles95 reviewsVietnamese
109 Nguyen Chi Thanh, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam+84 94 571 31 71WebsiteImprove this listing
See all (71)
Ratings and reviews
4.5 95 reviews
RATINGS
Food
Details
CUISINES
Vietnamese
MEALS
Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner
Location and contact
109 Nguyen Chi Thanh, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Website
Language
Most recent
Detailed Reviews

I expected more if I heard “Bun Cha”, but this Bun Cha is different. Because it’s grilled fishcake noodle. I thought all Bun Cha will be the same like my first meal in Vietnam.  This Bun Cha, has a special broth. They cooked it with...
I tried it on the last day of my vacation in Da nang. It made of fishcake, lean pork, noodles, tomatoes, some vegetables and spices. Its taste is great and I was very yummy. I wish I could know it earlier day of my trips....
The dish bun cha ca is one of Da Nang's specialities - tomato, pineapple, cabbage and bamboo in broth, with little fishcakes floating around alongside the noodles. Bun Cha Ca only serves this, and is very much a locals restaurant - probably why it costs...
Found this restaurant while looking for another restaurant in Da Nang. It has a good price and good authentic Viet Nam Central region food. We were also mistaken the Bun Cha Ca with Ha Noi Bun Cha. This is a different kind of fish made...
After having mistakenly eaten at Bun Cha Hon, I finally found 109. Fish broth was amazingly flavorful, and required no mam or lime, only garlic chili paste maybe ;) fish cakes tasty and rather soft, pickled shallots yummy, a couple slices of pineapple but veggie...
Its famous for both local people and foreigners. The place is not large so its maybe full if you come here at lunch time or dinner time. The fish ball was delicious, the soup was good too. Although It is not much clean but for...
Very hearty dish but not so heavy, Bun Cha Ca is a must when you visit Da Nang. The fish cakes and fish seem fresh. Super cheap and great value for both the money and the local experience. It's a dish you can enjoy anytime...
If you are looking for a local fish balls/cakes noodles soup. 35,000VND or US $1.35 for large bowl. That's all they served here and the place had plenty of customers floating in and out while we were there, a good sign. Not a sparkling clean...
Best nearby
4.5 of 5 bubbles95 reviews
95 reviews
+84 94 571 31 71
Improve this listing
4.5 
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024
Terms
Report a map error
+
–
Show nearby
Things to do
