Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
31. Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,455 reviews
216 Vo Nguyen Giap Str. | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#31 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very good! The staff was good. The breakfast was very delicious. We will come back if we have time. Our group had wonderful experience at belle maison. The weather recently has been nice. The staff always help us...”
2023
32. Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
725 reviews
218 Vo Nguyen Giap street | Son Tra district, Da Nang 553980, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel was just awesome We enjoyed alot Hotel has nice ocean View and a great pool Dining is good and food is good If you are Vegan then you can also enjoy the meal they have variety of options Huong Hannah...”
All Inclusive
33. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
200 Vo Nguyen Giap | Son Tra District, Da Nang, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...”
34. Chicland Hotel
580 reviews
210 Vo Nguyen Giap | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We loved the view from our room (deluxe double with balcony). Staff and service were terrific. We had an issue with our bedding and it was taken care of right away. We also had an issue with a Grab driver and…”
35. Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
224 Vo Nguyen Giap, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great place with great views from the room and rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with...”
Top Rated
Monarque Hotel
3,034 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
36. Bluesun Hotel
533 reviews
230 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Phuoc My Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was a super stay. And the staff was super impressive. Tiffany at the reception without any hesitation helped with early checkin. Also, the location of the property is top notch - Bang opposite the beach. You…”
37. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,821 reviews
232 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Son Tra District, Da Nang 59000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...”
Visit hotel website
38. Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
183 reviews
222 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang! Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly…”
39. Hai Trieu Hotel
26 reviews
18-20 Loseby, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach. The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend ”
40. Raon Apartment and Hotel
39 reviews
97A Hoang Bich Son | Phuoc My, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
41. Monarque Hotel
#41 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
42. Sofia Boutique Hotel Da Nang
1,002 reviews
Slot I-11 Pham Van Dong, Son Tra District | Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd...”
43. Cordial Hotel
34 reviews
30 Loseby | An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...”
44. The Han Hotel
72 reviews
22 Morrison An Hai Bac Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…”
45. Canvas Danang Beach Hotel
603 reviews
234 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Da Nang is a very nice place. People are friendly and very helpful. Canvas Hotel has a very goof staff. Very attentive to clients needs. I recommend this hotel. Emma made sure we had a good breakfast today…”
46. Paris Deli Hotel
2,348 reviews
236 Vo Nguyen Giap | Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We liked room size and view over the coastline / sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...”
47. Minh Boutique
#47 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
48. Robin Hotel Danang
46 reviews
08 Loseby Street | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I have stayed here the first time last Oct 2019 for 2 months and I really loved it which is why I came back the second time last March for 6 weeks. It's always been a wonderful experience because the owner and…”
49. Grand Sea Hotel
64 reviews
8 Ha Bong Street | Son Tra District, Da Nang 59000, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This Grand Sea hotel is not on the main road front but on the lane inside main road. Service: Hospitality of the staff is really good. Bell boy service is available and prompt. Wifi is available throughout the...”
50. Lamuno Hotel
284 reviews
No 03 Nguyen Cao Luyen Rd | An Hai Bac Ward , Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great hotel ,good value,clean rooms.The staff incredibly friendly and helpful.Looked after us really well in what was a difficult time for us and them.Would highly recommend them.Close to the beach and set in a...”
51. Le House Boutique Hotel
137 reviews
85-87 Ha Bong, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Good Location only 5 minutes on foot to the beach, fair for room charge & provided value (I book the room without breakfast with only $20). The staff is friendly and well-support when I ask for motorbike rental...”
52. Maison Phuong Hotel & Apartment
38 reviews
69 - 71 Ha Bong, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I booked the family connecting room for 5 adults and a toddler. It was a great choice as it felt like a home away from home. Breakfast was nice with lots of options for old people and kids. The place was about…”
53. Sea Castle 2 Hotel
95 reviews
45 Ha Bong | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great location. Comfortable spacious rooms. Lots of amenities. Great value. Will definitely be back! Love the fact that the cliff walk (Marginal Way) is across the street. Kitchenette has lots of...”
54. The Fish Village Villa
13 reviews
14 Tran Sam | Nai Hien Dong, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#54 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...”
55. Star Hotel Da Nang
65 reviews
42 Loseby Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...”
56. Dylan Hotel Da Nang
126 reviews
95, 93 Ha Bong, Phuoc My, Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel has a great location close to the beach and is a great budget travel option. There are places to hire bikes very close by. There was a bit of a Vietnamese/Emglish language barrier with the staff, but…”
57. Golden Light Hotel
37 reviews
157-159 Ho Nghinh Street, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The room’s furniture, beds and towels are clean. Great view from above. Breakfast varied. Price is super ok (nearly 600,000vnd for a room of 3) Staff is nice and service is quick, 24/7 reception, I didn’t order...”
58. Soho Boutique Hotel
25 Ha Bong | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra dist., Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Relatively new Hotel with good location. Spick and span Hotel with spacious rooms and good toilets. It also had sea facing rooms in upper floors. Breakfast facility was very badly managed with little understanding...”
59. Bridges Danang Boutique Hotel
29 reviews
4 Phuoc Truong 11 | Phuoc My Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would...”
60. M92 Boutique Da Nang Beach Hotel
01 Nguyen Cao Luyen, An Hai Bac, Da Nang, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great hotel situated in a charming part of town, offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…”
Previous
Next
123456…
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
216 Vo Nguyen Giap Str.
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
Very good! The staff was good. The breakfast was very delicious. We will come back if we have time. Our group had wonderful experience at belle maison. The weather recently has been nice. The staff always help us...
Very good! The staff was good. The breakfast was
very delicious. We will come back if we have time. Our group had wonderful experience at belle maison. The weather recently has been nice. The staff always help us...
218 Vo Nguyen Giap street
Son Tra district
Da Nang 553980,
The hotel was just awesome We enjoyed alot Hotel has nice ocean View and a great pool Dining is good and food is good If you are Vegan then you can also enjoy the meal they have variety of options Huong Hannah...
The hotel was just awesome We enjoyed alot Hotel
has nice ocean View and a great pool Dining is good and food is good If you are Vegan then you can also enjoy the meal they have variety of options Huong Hannah...
200 Vo Nguyen Giap
Son Tra District
Da Nang,
Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...
Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The
stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I...
210 Vo Nguyen Giap
Son Tra
We loved the view from our room (deluxe double with balcony). Staff and service were terrific. We had an issue with our bedding and it was taken care of right away. We also had an issue with a Grab driver and…
We loved the view from our room (deluxe double
with balcony). Staff and service were terrific. We had an issue with our bedding and it was taken care of right away. We also had an issue with a Grab driver and…
224 Vo Nguyen Giap
Great place with great views from the room and rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with...
Great place with great views from the room and
rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with...
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
230 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Phuoc My Ward
It was a super stay. And the staff was super impressive. Tiffany at the reception without any hesitation helped with early checkin. Also, the location of the property is top notch - Bang opposite the beach. You…
It was a super stay. And the staff was super
impressive. Tiffany at the reception without any hesitation helped with early checkin. Also, the location of the property is top notch - Bang opposite the beach. You…
232 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Da Nang 59000,
Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...
Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond
Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the...
222 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Da Nang 55000,
Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang! Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly…
Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang!
Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly…
18-20 Loseby
The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach. The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend
The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach.
The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend
97A Hoang Bich Son
Phuoc My, Son Tra
I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...
I absolutely loved my stay. The staff was very
helpful and allowed me to check in earlier. The location was good, room was okay and clean, with cleaning service. Bike hire available with lots of services involving...
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
Slot I-11 Pham Van Dong, Son Tra District
Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd...
Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia
Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd...
30 Loseby
An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and
welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
22 Morrison An Hai Bac Son Tra
The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…
The receptionist is very helpful and hard
working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established…
234 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
Da Nang is a very nice place. People are friendly and very helpful. Canvas Hotel has a very goof staff. Very attentive to clients needs. I recommend this hotel. Emma made sure we had a good breakfast today…
Da Nang is a very nice place. People are
friendly and very helpful. Canvas Hotel has a very goof staff. Very attentive to clients needs. I recommend this hotel. Emma made sure we had a good breakfast today…
236 Vo Nguyen Giap
We liked room size and view over the coastline / sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...
We liked room size and view over the coastline /
sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good...
08 Loseby Street
I have stayed here the first time last Oct 2019 for 2 months and I really loved it which is why I came back the second time last March for 6 weeks. It's always been a wonderful experience because the owner and…
I have stayed here the first time last Oct 2019
for 2 months and I really loved it which is why I came back the second time last March for 6 weeks. It's always been a wonderful experience because the owner and…
8 Ha Bong Street
This Grand Sea hotel is not on the main road front but on the lane inside main road. Service: Hospitality of the staff is really good. Bell boy service is available and prompt. Wifi is available throughout the...
This Grand Sea hotel is not on the main road
front but on the lane inside main road. Service: Hospitality of the staff is really good. Bell boy service is available and prompt. Wifi is available throughout the...
No 03 Nguyen Cao Luyen Rd
An Hai Bac Ward , Son Tra District
Great hotel ,good value,clean rooms.The staff incredibly friendly and helpful.Looked after us really well in what was a difficult time for us and them.Would highly recommend them.Close to the beach and set in a...
Great hotel ,good value,clean rooms.The staff
incredibly friendly and helpful.Looked after us really well in what was a difficult time for us and them.Would highly recommend them.Close to the beach and set in a...
85-87 Ha Bong, Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
Good Location only 5 minutes on foot to the beach, fair for room charge & provided value (I book the room without breakfast with only $20). The staff is friendly and well-support when I ask for motorbike rental...
Good Location only 5 minutes on foot to the
beach, fair for room charge & provided value (I book the room without breakfast with only $20). The staff is friendly and well-support when I ask for motorbike rental...
69 - 71 Ha Bong, Son Tra
I booked the family connecting room for 5 adults and a toddler. It was a great choice as it felt like a home away from home. Breakfast was nice with lots of options for old people and kids. The place was about…
I booked the family connecting room for 5 adults
and a toddler. It was a great choice as it felt like a home away from home. Breakfast was nice with lots of options for old people and kids. The place was about…
45 Ha Bong
Great location. Comfortable spacious rooms. Lots of amenities. Great value. Will definitely be back! Love the fact that the cliff walk (Marginal Way) is across the street. Kitchenette has lots of...
Great location. Comfortable spacious rooms.
Lots of amenities. Great value. Will definitely be back! Love the fact that the cliff walk (Marginal Way) is across the street. Kitchenette has lots of...
14 Tran Sam
Nai Hien Dong
Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...
Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest
staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...
42 Loseby Street
Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000,
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to
the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
95, 93 Ha Bong, Phuoc My, Son Tra
This hotel has a great location close to the beach and is a great budget travel option. There are places to hire bikes very close by. There was a bit of a Vietnamese/Emglish language barrier with the staff, but…
This hotel has a great location close to the
beach and is a great budget travel option. There are places to hire bikes very close by. There was a bit of a Vietnamese/Emglish language barrier with the staff, but…
157-159 Ho Nghinh Street, Son Tra District
The room’s furniture, beds and towels are clean. Great view from above. Breakfast varied. Price is super ok (nearly 600,000vnd for a room of 3) Staff is nice and service is quick, 24/7 reception, I didn’t order...
The room’s furniture, beds and towels are clean.
Great view from above. Breakfast varied. Price is super ok (nearly 600,000vnd for a room of 3) Staff is nice and service is quick, 24/7 reception, I didn’t order...
25 Ha Bong
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra dist.
Relatively new Hotel with good location. Spick and span Hotel with spacious rooms and good toilets. It also had sea facing rooms in upper floors. Breakfast facility was very badly managed with little understanding...
Relatively new Hotel with good location. Spick
and span Hotel with spacious rooms and good toilets. It also had sea facing rooms in upper floors. Breakfast facility was very badly managed with little understanding...
4 Phuoc Truong 11
Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would...
Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more
private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would...
01 Nguyen Cao Luyen
An Hai Bac, Da Nang,
Great hotel situated in a charming part of town, offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…
Great hotel situated in a charming part of town,
offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a…
1
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
