Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Cat Ba Love Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Hai Phong
Ngoc Anh Hotel
Phuc Dai Loi Hotel - Quang Trung Street
Berlin Motel
Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
#85 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell..."
"Nice and Clean hotel. The Beds are a bit hard. But the room have a decent size. Its quite affordable. There wasnt much to do around but it was night stay on my way to Cat Ba island. The staff have difficulty in..."
Phuc Dai Loi Hotel - To Hieu Street
2 reviews
#115 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"This hotel is cheap so don't be surprised by what you get (or don't get). Admittedly I never wanted to travel to Haiphong during my southeast asia trip but I was out voted. To add to the sting we stayed at this..."
"Yep this place is terrible. There are actually two Phuc Dai Loi hotels which I think are linked. So we turned up at the wrong one initially (even though this was the address on our booking). It was kind of weird..."
2023
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Visit hotel website
Duc Anh Hotel
Roxy Hotel
3 reviews
#136 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"terrible this hotel was so dirty. toilet was completely flush with water, toilet brush just lay on the floor. the glasses were so dirty and there was dust everywhere. towels were missing. we pointed out rooms and..."
"This place sucks!! The Road outside makes a lot of noice, the staff doesn’t understand snu english at all!! The room was extremely dirty, the aircondition didn’t work, so we Got another room. This was just as dirty..."
May Hostel
11 reviews
#42 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"The hostel is clean and fairly new. The layout of the beds ensures privacy. Staff are friendly and accommodating. Located in the city centre of haiphong and very close to the pier to Cat Ba, Haiphong train station..."
"Useful staff, always help me during my stay, nice room, clean room, clean bath room. nice view on rooftop. Have motorbike for rent to explore Haiphong city. Near many restaurant. Nothing to complain. Highly..."
Binh Minh Truong Son Hotel
Hoang Hai Hotel
33 reviews
#108 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We stayed in this hotel as it was close to our sons apartment. We were concerned about some of the reviews but took a chance.Initially we had a room with no outside window which we found oppressive however we were..."
"It is unfair that I visited during a really cold spell but the staff were wrapped in anoraks yet kept front and back doors open. The room offered air conditioning but when turned to 30 degrees it just blew cold air..."
Canh Hung Hotel
1 review
#127 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"I visited the hotel on January 22. Was quarantine facility. Is the worst experience ever had . Mould on the walls bathroom in almost demolition with cracked tiles. Dirty room. When entered i found personal items..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Hotel Suong Giang 2
Hung Ha Hotel
Hoa Phượng Hotel
Ivy Hotel - Hải Phòng
MV Motel
Nam Phong Hotel
#109 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Not recommend for business trip. No Credit card accept. 10% VAT additional charge if you want official receipt. Toilet has bad smelly. Looks like this is a love hotel where couple meet up for few hours. "
Hala - Hotel
HM Hotel Apartment
EcoHomstay
Ngoc Huy Hotel
Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
#78 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
Victory Hotel & Apartment
Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#103 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
Maxims Hotel Hai Phong
#79 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Overnight stopover only between CatBa Island and Hanoi....arrived via fast ferry at Ben Binh Pier...from there about a kilometre to the hotel....hotel listed as "Khach San New Wind" in Google Maps. Chose to..."
Pham Ha Hotel
#121 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We arrived here under the impression there were services such as, massage, spa, fitness centre ect all listed online for this hotel. When asked which floor we could access these facilities we were told they didn’t..."
Top Rated
Van Thong Hotel
13.2 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 3 B&Bs / Inns in Do Son
"We recently stayed in Van Thong. After three months in Asia I can say this is the worst experience I have ever had in a hostel or hotel.  As a backpacker we've put up with a lot of negatives and sucked it up but..."
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
