Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
2 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
1. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
177 reviews
#1 Best Value of 2 Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
2. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
#2 Best Value of 2 Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Boating
Missing:Resort
Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
25.2 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#71 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
Visit hotel website
Quynh Trang Hotel
76 reviews
#19 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Great hotel. Large room with beautiful sea views. Clean rooms. Easy to get everywhere great location.The lady at the desk speaks English. She was so helpful when our bus back to Hanoi gave us the wrong time. She..."
"Positives: Large rooms, comfy beds, staff helpful but only one spoke English. Great value for money. Negatives: wifi on level 6 was all but useless. The toilet also leaked which made the whole bathroom floor wet. "
Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
#27 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
Khach San Nhat Anh 2
0 reviews
24.9 miles from Hai Phong
#72 of 72 hotels in Cat Ba
Little Cat Ba Hotel
123 reviews
24.7 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We had planned to book a luxury 5 star boat trip but due to bad planing on our end that was not possible and so we ended up - by total coincidence- running into this amazing offer - and thank god for that! This is..."
"The Little Cat Ba Hotel is a charming hotel away from the built up town - but still within easy reach by bike (free to borrow), moped or even foot. The staff of the family run hotel were amazing throughout our stay..."
Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
#24 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The..."
"Incredible service by the host, clean and spacious room with hot water. Motorbike rental was cheap too. Booked the cruise tour here and it's very enjoyable. Location was great and convenient, and I will definitely..."
Top Rated
2023
Lan Homestay
149 reviews
23.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We could not have asked for a better first stay in Vietnam. It was a serious trek getting to the village, but that was part of the fun. Chilly and everyone on staff were so helpful and kind. The homestay is..."
Cat Ba Emerald Beach
2 reviews
#72 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We went here, thinking we could recover from our trip from Sapa to Cat Ba and sleep until noon. Its remote location is magnificent. It's a beautiful property at the beach that has a dorm, a couple of bungalows and..."
"The hostel lies on the beach near the center. There are some private bungalows and dormitory room. The beach is long and clean. The restaurant is in the center area with sea view. Staffs are friendly and hospitable..."
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#26 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
#39 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at the..."
"I heard they have a big dorm room (16) that is usually empty so went there and shared it with two other girls. Really nice owner. Got towels. Beds are not that great but for cheap price, can't expect much. Shower..."
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
3 reviews
#35 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
Cat Ba De Dita Hostel
22.9 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 3 Specialty lodging in Tran Chau
"This hostel was very worth the money, great price and beautiful views! The room was very nice and the people were very friendly, definitely book your stay here! Great price for your money, I very much recommend!"
Cat Ba Spring Garden Homestay
19 reviews
18.3 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba Town
"The property is absolutely gorgeous and the rooms are spacious and clean - nothing not to love! The staff were very nice and helpful. Unfortunately we didn't get to meet the famous Linda as she wasn't there, but she..."
"We really liked the staff at the home stay they were very welcoming and helpful. I would definitely recommend booking tours through the home stay, they know the best guides. Linda is so lovely, I left my suit behind..."
Paddy Home Dong Trieu
21 reviews
18.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 1 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Phong
"Very pleasant stay. The owner is totally dedicated to make our stay pleasant. Bedroom was very clean and comfortable . A nice family and cozy atmosphere. Food was typical Vietnamese and very generous and tasty. A..."
"Our group did not plan for this and were not sure what to expect. However, the family gave us so warm welcome. Thank you Mr Tan who is the best guide and hottest. We had a truely experience about Northern people..."
Cuong Thinh Motel
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Phoenix Hotel Ha Long
12 reviews
23.2 miles from Hai Phong
#4 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great hotel with prime location, very closed to local market called “Cai Dam” with seafood & specialities. You can walk from the hotel to the beach. The hotel is clean, neat, staff is so friendly & well service..."
"I am not hesitative to rate 5 stars for Phoenix Hotel. I was recommended about Phoenix which is the newest and most amazing furnished hotel in Halong and my decision was right. My room was very clean and neat that..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Nin Boutique Hotel
#13 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)"
"everything is great, the room is clean, neat, the staff is enthusiastic and very handsome, the room price is cheap and reasonable including breakfast. There is also a very convenient and reasonable tour to visit the..."
Nga Trang Hotel
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
Ha Long Dream Hotel
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
26.4 miles from Hai Phong
#42 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and..."
Hon Gai Hotel
28.1 miles from Hai Phong
Matches:Resort
Missing:Boating
Sunflower International Village
In Hai Phong
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Resorts with Boats information
Resorts with Boats Hai Phong
Resorts with Boats Prices From
$26
Resorts with Boats Reviews
178
Resorts with Boats Photos
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
2 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
