Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BaySpeed boats tours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Speed Boat Tours
Speed Boats Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Speed Boats Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
Popular Attractions
Lan Ha Bay
Old Quarter
Authentic Hanoi Travel
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
75 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
537
Adventure Tours
6+ hours
Escape Hanoi and discover Ha Long Bay, the Ha Long Warf, Sung Sot Cave, and the tranquil Ti Top Island. Kayak at Luon Cave…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 99% of travelers
from
$50
per adult
Reserve
2. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
3 days
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
3. Cruising- Kayaking- Cycling- Trekking 3D/2N from Cat Ba in less tourist areas.
48
HIGHLIGHT OF THE TRIP: - We start a boat trip from Cat Ba island. It is more beautiful and more interesting than starting…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$335
4. Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
11
4WD Tours
2 days
Heritage Cruises introduces the first Vietnamese heritage and boutique cruise on the Red River and the Gulf of Tonkin. Our…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$300
5. Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
30
Airboat Tours
8–12 hours
#####Trip Highlights for HALONG BAY ITINERARY - Visit Sung Sot cave - biggest cave in Halong Bay - Visit Titop Island - …
Taking safety measures
$60
6. Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
3
7–12 hours
Jade Sails is Top Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay offer riding highest luxurious comfort limousine via new expressway…
$110
7. Jade Sails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Tour In Halong Bay
7
Welcome to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury cruise service of the highest…
8. Jadesails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
5
JADESAILS CRUISE- THE MOST LUXURIOUS DAY TOUR IN HALONG BAY & LAN HA BAY HIGHLIGHTS: -02 hours riding with Luxurious comfort…
9. Scarlet Pearl Cruise - The Pearl of Halong Wonder ( 2 Days Tour )
14
A 2 Days, 1 Night itinerary is full of culture learning, local experiencing and enjoying the best of Lan Ha Bay. Highlights…
$240
10. Halong Bay Full Day Trip
1
Full-day Tours
10–12 hours
The tour will start on pick up and drop off at your hotel located in Hanoi old quarter. Experience a full day visiting Halong…
$65
11. 2-Day on 5-star Cruise, Lan Ha Bay | Kayak, Cycling, Live Music
78
Inheriting and upgrading the superior points of its "predecessor" Paradise Elegance, Paradise Grand - the "rookie" of Paradise…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$589
per group
12. 5 Days 4 Nights Hanoi - Halong Bay - Peaceful Halong Bay Cruise, one of 7 world Wonders
3+ days
Exploring Vietnam start a full day in Hanoi City. Driving to Halong Bay to enjoy the charming Halong on Luxury shared Cruise…
$767
13. DELUXE Halong Cruise 1 Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2023
60
6–13 hours
Even if you don’t have time for an overnight cruise, explore both Lan Ha Bay and Halong Bay on this comprehensive guided…
Recommended by 91% of travelers
14. Elite of The Seas - Top Vip Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay ( 2D1N )
44
Historical Tours
Elite of the Seas is designed based on the idea of contemporary, luxurious, quintessential style. She inherited the precious…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$400
LIKELY TO SELL OUT*
15. Elite of The Seas - Unique Luxury 3 Days Cruise in Halong & Lan Ha Bay
19
Elite of the Seas is designed based on the idea of contemporary, luxurious, quintessential style. The cruise has thirty-…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$799
16. (All Inclusive 5-STAR) Amanda Luxury Cruise 2D1N trip - LanHa Bay
Amanda Luxury Cruise is designed with an inspiration from Oriental Lotus - the flower symbolizing compassion, wisdom, delicacy…
$179
17. 5 Days 4 Nights Highlight Vietnam Tours
Economical budget package in Vietnam - See and Visit some most highlight places in Hanoi -Hotel 4 star in Hanoi - Visit…
$590
18. Stellar of The Sea - Greatest Cruise into Halong Bay 2 Days 1 Night Tour
4
Stellar of the Seas cruise welcomes you to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury…
$350
19. Stellar of The Seas Top Norch Cruises in Ha Long Bay (3D2N)
Stellar Of The Seas are the leading line in 5-star cruises in Ha Long Bay. We have BRAND NEW cruises in Ha Long Bay - Lan…
$699
20. Luxury Jade Sail Day Cruise Tour in Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay
Jade Sail Cruise is making brand new tracks in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay. With up to nearly 8 hours of cruising time in …
21. Catherine Cruise - Your Luxurious Retreat 2 Days on Halong Bay
Catherine Cruise- A miniature resort serving all requirements will bring memorable moments of reinvigorating relaxation …
22. Oasis Bay Party Cruise for Young Travelers with Transfer Included
2
Spring Break
This tour is the best choice tour in Halong Bay that we offer an amazing experience for young travellers combining the beautiful…
$185
23. Doris Cruise - Luxury 2 Days Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
Doris Cruise is newly 5 star cruise. It is the first cruise with available swimming pool. All cabins have available private…
$200
24. Le Theatre Cruise - Wonder on Halong Bay 2 Days 1 Night Tour
Enjoy a luxurious experience on this overnight cruise of Halong Bay. With round-trip transportation from Hanoi and a luxury…
$205
25. Stellar of The Seas Best Top Vip Cruise Ha Long Bay 2 Day 1 Night
Stand Up Paddleboarding
1–2 days
Stellar of the Seas cruises welcome you to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury…
$340
26. Doris Cruise 5 Star Luxury Cruise 2Day/1Night Halong & Lan Ha Bay
Welcome to Doris Cruise - 5 Star Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay ! Launched in beginning of June 2022, Doris Cruise is proud…
$190
27. Legends of Northern Vietnam 9 Days
Rail Tours
There are many interesting things that attracts you. Vietnam especially northern part is one of the beauty destination that…
$890
28. Jade Sail - Top Notch Luxury Cruise in Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
$109
29. AMBASSADOR CRUISE The Largest Ship in Halong Bay Heritage 2D1N
AMBASSADOR CRUISE is the largest overnight ship to grace Halong Bay’s waters with the five-deck steel craft measures 86 …
$210
30. Orchid Cruise Top Notch Cruise into Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
As the first 5-star quality cruise to explore both Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay, Orchid Cruises remains a timeless inspiration…
$290
Showing results 1-30 of 75
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Gek A
1 contribution
0
Halong Bay one day trip!
It was a great trip to halong guided by mr. sunny funny! i thought it was gonna be tiring for me to join a tour but it was a pleasant trip. recommended the trip leaded by mr sunny!
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Илья Ф
2 contributions
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
Jorge M
Aarhus, Arhus, Denmark5 contributions
Cat Ba highly recommended.
Excellent trip. We started first day and night with Tom as cruise director. Great attention. Second day we did hike to Navy Peak and bike ride with B. Hike was challenging as we had some rain so very slippery on the boulders up the hill. Third day spent more kayaking and with Tony. To Tony was very funny and gave us a lot of insight into Vietnamese culture. Overall excellent trip. Staff super friendly and attentive. We ended up in secluded places away from the crowds which was great.
Read more
Review of: Cruising- Kayaking- Cycling- Trekking 3D/2N from Cat Ba in less tourist areas.
Written February 25, 2024
SandraDee_22
Reidsville, NC112 contributions
Amazing experience.
Our family really enjoyed the Halong Bay cruise experience. On the ship we enjoyed a large private balcony, open bar at happy hour, an amazing bicycle ride to a lovely Thai village where we enjoyed a fish massage. I won’t explain-it would ruin the fun. Just do it! The staff on board was great. Special thanks to John, Danielle, Mac, Ngoc and Xenia. ! We kayaked and went to the beach. The meals were amazing and the staff dealt well with our dood allergies and preferences.
Review of: Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
Written January 9, 2024
Chuk Kwan N
Nice and wonderful trip!
Nice and wonderful trip! Good scenery! The schedule was well arranged. Mr. Lee, the tourist guide, was excellent, friendly and very helpful. We enjoyed the trip very much!
Review of: Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
Written December 12, 2023
Pushkar Raj
Bengaluru, India3 contributions
Day trip to halong bay and Lan Ha Bay
Serene surroundings ,natures hues at its best .Must do activity. The jade sails staff of VInny,Quin, Huong made it very informative and comfortable
Review of: Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
Written February 9, 2024
Fleur A
6 contributions
The best day in Vietnam (despite the rain!)
So glad I did research and booked Jade Sails for a 1 day cruise to Ha Long Bay recently from Hanoi. Everything about this day was brilliant thanks to the incredible team (Vinny, Jenni etc).

It is a long day, but a good one. The pickup was on time and very much a luxury small bus with added touches (water, wifi etc). Tea is offered on arrival to the marina, with boarding shortly after. There was only 17 on our boat on this particular day with pretty heavy rain on and off. None the less, there was lots to see and learn. Vinny provided a great overview of the day, and answered questions throughout the day.
The lunch provided was good and thank you to the team for catering to my last minute request brilliantly. The cave tour and kayaking were fun, and the cooking demonstration capped off a great day. Due to the rain we were running early and skipped the full afternoon sunset party but I dont think that dampened the day in any way. Transport back was efficient.
I was a bit hesitant booking just a day trip for Ha Long Bay, thinking it would be hard to fit a good experience in (as opposed to overnight), but SO glad i got a wonderful experience thanks to Jade Sails cruise. Highly recommend!
Review of: Jade Sails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Tour In Halong Bay
Written January 23, 2024
ben46k
Sydney, Australia149 contributions
Halong Bay cruise
We completed the 1 day tour in January . It was fantastic. Highly recommend booking. We didn’t need a transfer from Hanoi. We just met the boat at the marina.
Food was excellent. Boat was modern and spacious. We kayaked and went under a cave in a traditional boat.
I would recommend this tour if you didn’t want an overnight tour. We were on the water all day and saw enough. It was perfect day.
Review of: Jadesails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
TimSalik
Perth, Australia61 contributions
A great trip on Scarlet Pearl
Had a 2 day 1 night cruise. the boat and food was great and so was the scenic HaLong Bay.
The Cruise organiser was good and friendly.
We all 3njoyed our trip.
Review of: Scarlet Pearl Cruise - The Pearl of Halong Wonder ( 2 Days Tour )
Written December 1, 2022
Gazal K
WOW EXPERIENCE
Highly Recommend...!
A week long vacation was designed to perfection. We had a special interest of knowing History, Arts, Culture of Vietnam. The Rustic Asia team took care of everything and we thoroughly enjoyed. Thank you. We will definitely repeat and refer to our friends 🥰
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day Trip
Written December 31, 2023
lien
Songshan, Taipei1 contribution
A great trip to relax and have many activities to participate in
The food is delicious. The service staff are also very friendly. The scenery is really beautiful. The bed in the room is also very good.
Review of: 2-Day on 5-star Cruise, Lan Ha Bay | Kayak, Cycling, Live Music
Written December 1, 2023
Kenneth M
The best vacation of my life! Not a single dull moment
The entire experience was absolutely amazing and well planned. We didn't have to do anything but relax and enjoy ourselves. Everyday felt like a new adventure and we got to visit and see so many beautiful places in Vietnam. Alice Do was superb. She planned everything and made sure that we never had to worry about anything during our vacation.
Review of: 5 Days 4 Nights Hanoi - Halong Bay - Peaceful Halong Bay Cruise, one of 7 world Wonders
Written January 30, 2024
Jeremy C
Modiin, Israel15 contributions
The Perfect Halong Bay Day
We had a long list of demands from the type of boat to the food supplied. They fulfilled all our demands perfectly and created an extremely memorable day
Review of: DELUXE Halong Cruise 1 Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2023
Written August 16, 2023
Narender P
Mumbai, India50 contributions
World class
No doubt this is the best cruise in the world - It is perfect palace to spend you beautiful memories i would say, No one can either match their beauty, services,
Luxury and help-full Staff from the day 1 till
Our departure every thing was so perfectly done. Thank you David and Lisa for this unconditional and incredible memories
Your enthusiastic review paints a vivid picture of an outstanding cruise experience. The praise for the cruise's beauty, services, luxury, and attentive staff, particularly David and Lisa, is a testament to the unforgettable memories created. It's clear that your journey was thoughtfully orchestrated, leaving a lasting positive impression.
Review of: Elite of The Seas - Top Vip Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay ( 2D1N )
Written February 11, 2024
following Derith
Rye, Australia127 contributions
go if you can.
What a brilliant trip. Although it cost a lot of $ it was the trip of a lifetime . We went on Ponant expedition cruise from Dunedin in NZ for a 21 day cruise visiting many subantarctic islands ( including Macquarie Island ) and the Ross sea. We had plenty of landings on zodiacs to places such as Shackletons Hut and
Scotts Hut and lots of places to see wildlife ( penguins galore, elephant seals, birdlife but also mega herbs). The Naturalists on board were brilliant and made the trip . Very comfortable ship ( Le Soleil ) with only 180 passengers . Its a must if you can manage it
Review of: Elite of The Seas - Unique Luxury 3 Days Cruise in Halong & Lan Ha Bay
Written February 12, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for speed boats tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for speed boats tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best speed boats tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best speed boats tours in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best speed boats tours in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best speed boats tours in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Speed boats tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Aarhus, Arhus, Denmark
5 contributions
Reidsville, NC
112 contributions
Bengaluru, India
3 contributions
Sydney, Australia
149 contributions
Perth, Australia
61 contributions
Songshan, Taipei
Modiin, Israel
15 contributions
Mumbai, India
50 contributions
Rye, Australia
127 contributions
