Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Steam Room in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
14 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Steam Room
Hotels & Motels
2023
1. Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
246 reviews
#1 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Visit hotel website
2. Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#2 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
3. Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#3 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
4. The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
#4 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
5. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
#5 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
6. Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#6 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
7. The Shine Hotel
1 review
#7 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
8. Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#8 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
9. Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
#9 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
10. Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#10 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
11. Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#11 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
12. Roygent Parks Hai Phong
2 reviews
#12 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
13. Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
#13 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
14. Classic Hoang Long
22 reviews
#14 Best Value of 14 Hai Phong Hotels with Steam Room
"Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often..."
"What a bizarre place booked by a friend on my behalf by mistake, only 2 nights but really weird lots of clutter with tacky ornaments each too there own, if you look at the photos and think thats ok then this is..."
Hotels with Steam Room nearby destinations
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Steam Room
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Xinyi District
Habarana
Harbin
Senggigi
Kazan
On the banks of the Volga River, Kazan sits austerely, its cityscape a visual confection of architecture that somehow manages to be both playful and severe. No matter your spiritual inclination, you simply must visit the Temple of All Religions, a Technicolor cultural center built by artist Ildar Khanov. Though still a work in progress, the "temple" is a feast for the eyes—and the spirit.
Volgograd Oblast
Erdemli
Al Fayyum
Brasov County
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Family Resorts
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Steam RoomHotels & Motels
Best Seller
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
23.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
24.0 miles from Hai Phong
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
The Yacht Hotel by DC
33 reviews
23.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
"The staff are lovely and always attentive and very helpful. The rooms are fantastic, beds are great, towels are fluffy, and the bathroom is awesome. View of the bay would be great on a clear day. Amazing deserts..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
24.9 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
"The hotel was lovely. We were only there for one night before getting on a cruise to the Ha Long Bay Islands. It is slightly more pricey than other hotels in Vietnam but it was an ideal location for the cruise..."
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
26.3 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel."
"Property was more or less what I expected, a new and nice but not luxurious property- more like a good four star than five star category. Front desk staff was helpful and professional and gave us some small upgrade..."
Selegend Hotel Thái Bình
8 reviews
36.2 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 13 hotels in Thai Binh
"Without a doubt, this is the premier hotel in Thai Binh city. The rooms are spacious, impeccably clean, and well-maintained. While I didn't have the chance to use the swimming pool due to the cold weather, it..."
"We spent three nights stayed with this good hotel, staffs friendly but it's abit difficult to communicate in English. Food and service is acceptable and alot tourists attraction places nearby. We really enjoyed the..."
Mandala Hotel & Suites Bac Giang
18 reviews
42.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 14 hotels in Bac Giang
"The hotel was really near to all the places I planned to go in Bac Giang. I was totally amazed with how big and modern the hotel was when I first saw it. The neccessities inside was extremely beautiful as well, you..."
"Stayed overnight for a short trip with my friends. Brand new, clean and nice hotel. Rooms were well furnished. Amazing view to chilling. Shout out to of friendly and professional staffs. Highly recommended. Really..."
Senna Wellness Retreat
4 reviews
44.7 miles from Hai Phong
#8 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
"My wife booked a day trip for us to Senna this past Tet holiday, and for the most part, we had a very positive experience using the facilities and participating in the activities. Senna is situated on top of a..."
"The cons are many: -We arrived at 10pm and were given rooms right away. Great! Once we settled in, the hotel called to let us know we would be charged 50% of the room rate for checking in early. Not great! Never..."
Phu Son Resort
45.6 miles from Hai Phong
#17 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
"We stayed here for two nights on a business trip. Obviously not a four-star. The hotel is big but lots of renovation needed. A bit noisy at night sometimes because there're a karaoke bar on the top floor and a..."
Matches:Steam Room
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Tien Lang Spa Resort
5 reviews
In Hai Phong
#123 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"We were greeted by staff who didnt seem to know we were coming. We were given an upgrade of our room which made us wonder what room we should have got. The room was musty, but the water was hot. The complimentary..."
"The spa treatment vip version, 2 people in one room. staff was good. communial "mineral" pool was dirty. paid just under 700k VND per person. Have gone elsewhere but minus the mudbath and communial pool but plus..."
Rose Hotel
#135 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Made me pay 200,000 extra dong because I checked in at 3am. No water in room, dirty sheets.. No massage either when I asked... Basically a business trying to stay alive if you ask me. Very dirty and water dripping..."
"The room really, really didn't follow the photos...the gloss had definitely faded with the real thing. The room stunk of cigarettes, the fridge had mildew and some dark brown gunk spilt all over the inside....the..."
Zen Riverside Hotel & Residences
#60 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Excellent facilities and amenities. You could not find any better options in Hai Phong City with only $45 per night included with: Continental Buffet Breakfast, free access to Gym, Pool, Sauna. The location is a..."
"The hotel is very nice and clean, all room have balcony, washing machine and kitchen. Friendly and professional staffs. Breakfast is delicious and varied, including European, Asian, Korean, Japanese and Chinese as..."
Top Rated
Legacy Yen Tu - MGallery
388 reviews
19.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 Specialty lodging in Uong Bi
"This hotel is nice place, peaceful, meditation and nice staffs. When we joined breakfast, we met nice staff - mr. Phong - he supported and take care us enthusiasm, careful, professional, good behaviour, agile. We..."
"Super nice hotel with unique design. Bed is very comfortable. Nice buffet breakfast. Every corner of this hotel is a background for good photo. Staff is extremely friendly. Love all the activities provided by the..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
13
Hotels Prices From
$25
Hotels Reviews
1,336
Hotels Photos
1,884
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with steam room
What are the best hotels with steam room near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with steam room are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with steam room in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong are good for families?
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with steam room in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
14 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
