Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
THE BEST Hotels with Private Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Beaches
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Private Beaches
Top Rated
2023
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
In Halong Bay
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
70 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#18 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Hera Hotel
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#16 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
"Very nice and cute hotel which has a beautiful coffee shop named Muse. The price is very reasonable. Highly recommended this place and must try the coffee shop in order to have a lot of beautiful pictures"
Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#22 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#30 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
#39 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix my..."
"It is totally one of the best stay of mine in Ha Long after many visits here. Location Tip: Only 5 minutes from the port, great for a quick breakfast or snack before boarding your ship! Food Tip: Try the Pho..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Private Beach
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Read more
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Krabi Town
The southern Thailand town of Krabi serves as base camp for exploring the province of the same name, a lush region of jungles, limestone cliffs and idyllic isles floating just offshore in the Andaman Sea. Buddhist shrines still used by local monks are tucked into the chambers of the town's top attraction, Tiger Cave. The riverside pier links travelers with ferries and longboats to the best scuba diving, rock climbing and white sand beaches on the coast.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Abu Dhabi
Atmospheric backstreets paint a very different picture to first impressions of Abu Dhabi. The often slick and modern capital of the U.A.E. presents a fascinating mixture of tradition and progression. Tracing its rich history back to around 3000 B.C., Abu Dhabi maintains a more distinctly Arabian ambiance than glitzy Dubai. Taxis are a safe, reliable way to get around sites such as The Corniche Park, the White Fort, the Heritage Village, which offers glimpses into Bedouin life, and the Women's Craft Centre.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Quiet Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a private beach
What are the best hotels with a private beach near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay that have a family room?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
