Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Catbi Airport (HPH)
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Hai Phong Hotels  Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
View map
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong Hotels  
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
13
Free Wifi
151
& up
145
Family-friendly
40
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+144
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
104
Pool
64
Free parking
125
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Pelican Cave (Hang Bo Nau)
Cat Ba National Park
Traveler rating
80
179
190
Hotel class
4 stars
33
3 stars
26
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
20
Mid-range
66
Luxury
30
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
859 of 2,018 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Catbi Airport

Top Rated
31. Manoir Des Arts Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
588 reviews
64 Dien Bien Phu street | Minh Khai Ward, Hong Bang Dist., Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Catbi Airport
#31 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...”
Visit hotel website
2023
32. Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
12 Tran Phu Street | Ngo Quyen District, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#32 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...”
33. Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
Manhattan 9 Street | Vinhomes Imperia Hai Phong Urban Area, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
5.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#33 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...”
34. Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
Khu do Thi, Duong Ha Noi, Vinhomes Imperia | Phuong Thuong Ly, Quan Hong Bang, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
5.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#34 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...”
35. Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
48 Dien Bien Phu Str, Hai Phong, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Catbi Airport
#35 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare...”
36. Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
83 Bach Dang St,, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
4.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#36 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and...”
37. The Opera Hotel Hai Phong
6 reviews
20B Minh Khai, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…”
38. Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
Khu Du L_ch Qu_c T_ D_i R_ng, Hai Phong 05010, Vietnam
9.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#38 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...”
39. Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
103 Pho Dien Bien Phu, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell...”
40. Draco Thang Long Hotel
36 reviews
No 2 Hoang Van Thu Street, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Catbi Airport
#40 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed here for one night during a trip to northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be...”
41. Sono Belle Hai Phong
8 reviews
Luu Kiem | Thuy Nguyen, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...”
42. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
17.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#42 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
43. Camela Hotel & Resort
14 reviews
515A Hung Vuong ward, Hong Bang district | Hung Vuong Ward, Quan Hong Bang, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
6.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#43 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place, it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great.”
44. Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
79 Ly Thanh Tong Street, | Van Son, Do Son, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
8.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#44 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. ”
45. Dai Duong Hotel
9 reviews
20 Le Dai Hanh St., Hong Bang, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large...”
46. Green Homestay
19 reviews
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
18.0 miles from Catbi Airport
#46 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...”
47. Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
60 Di_n Bien Ph_, Hai Phong 84225, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...”
48. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000, Vietnam
18.5 miles from Catbi Airport
#48 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…”
49. City View Hotel Haiphong
1 review
Pho Moi, Tan Duong, Thuy Nguyen District, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
6.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#49 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I just needed a place to stay for one night before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds…”
50. Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...”
51. Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
10.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#51 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...”
52. Hanvet Hotel Do son
Zone 1, Do Son, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the...”
53. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area | Tuan Chau Ward, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
18.3 miles from Catbi Airport
#53 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
54. Cuong Thinh Motel
G15, Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
18.4 miles from Catbi Airport
#54 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
55. Do Son Resort
Zone 3, Doson District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
11.1 miles from Catbi Airport
#55 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...”
56. Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company, Halong Bay 01000, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
57. Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
14 Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
18.6 miles from Catbi Airport
#57 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
58. Classic Hoang Long
22 reviews
25 Tran Quang Khai, Hong Bang, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
“Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often...”
59. Noblesse Hotel
2 reviews
Km 11, Quoc Lo 5 Cu | Do Nha, An Hung, An Doung, Hai Phong 18000, Vietnam
9.8 miles from Catbi Airport
#59 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
60. Moc Tra Hotel
O 61 Khu Cang Tau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 2,018 places to stay in Hai Phong
Previous
Next
123456…
859 of 2,018 properties
Clear all filters
64 Dien Bien Phu street
Minh Khai Ward, Hong Bang Dist.
Hai Phong 180000,
The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...
The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are
brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has...
12 Tran Phu Street
Ngo Quyen District
Hai Phong 35000,
As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...
As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only
choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service...
Manhattan 9 Street
Vinhomes Imperia Hai Phong Urban Area
Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...
Every employees include Jameson were very nice
and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to...
Khu do Thi, Duong Ha Noi, Vinhomes Imperia
Phuong Thuong Ly, Quan Hong Bang
I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...
I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023,
and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty...
48 Dien Bien Phu Str
Hai Phong,
Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare...
Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good.
Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare...
83 Bach Dang St,
The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and...
The Hotel was very well located for the sights in
Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and...
20B Minh Khai
We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…
We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to
Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night…
Khu Du L_ch Qu_c T_ D_i R_ng
Hai Phong 05010,
The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...
The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve
been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is...
103 Pho Dien Bien Phu
Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell...
Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room
had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell...
No 2 Hoang Van Thu Street
I stayed here for one night during a trip to northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be...
I stayed here for one night during a trip to
northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be...
Luu Kiem
Thuy Nguyen
I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
I stayed here for about almost a month and
literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
515A Hung Vuong ward, Hong Bang district
Hung Vuong Ward, Quan Hong Bang
Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place, it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great.
Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place,
it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great.
79 Ly Thanh Tong Street,
Van Son, Do Son
At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area.
At first, little bit disappointed by the
exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area.
20 Le Dai Hanh St., Hong Bang
Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large...
Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off
the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large...
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from
the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
60 Di_n Bien Ph_
Hai Phong 84225,
The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...
The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered!
Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food...
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000,
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the
staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
Pho Moi, Tan Duong, Thuy Nguyen District
I just needed a place to stay for one night before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds…
I just needed a place to stay for one night
before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds…
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000,
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but
the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious
area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Zone 1, Do Son
I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the...
I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the
order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the...
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area
Tuan Chau Ward
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
G15, Ngoc Chau
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
Zone 3, Doson District
The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...
The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2
hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company
Halong Bay 01000,
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
14 Ngoc Chau
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
25 Tran Quang Khai, Hong Bang
Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often...
Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied.
Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often...
Km 11, Quoc Lo 5 Cu
Do Nha, An Hung, An Doung
Hai Phong 18000,
O 61 Khu Cang Tau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620,
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
