Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
My An Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  My An  My An Hotels
My An
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang
My An  
My An Hotels
Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
777 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#3 of 27 hotels in My An
304 Vo Nguyen Giap Ngu Hanh Son, My An, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (758)
Traveler
(693)
Room & Suite
(80)
Dining
(65)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.7
Service
4.8
Value
Located at the sensual My Khe beachfront, Yarra Ocean Suites Danang offers 102 modern rooms overlooking the spectacular waves overlapping the pristine white sand. Inspired by the vibrant Danang coastline, the sweeping oceanfront offers a great view for an extended stay and only steps away from the bustling Danang city life.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Airport transportation
Spa
Rooftop terrace
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Soundproof rooms
Air conditioning
Desk
Housekeeping
Minibar
Cable / satellite TV
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
City view
Non-smoking rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
4.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Romantic
Charming
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 100 out of 100
100
Da Nang Airport
3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
43.6 mi
See all My An rental cars
See all nearby hotels
157 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Ca Chuon Co Vietnamese - Seafood Restaurant.
570
1 min
$$ - $$$
Cafe
IVegan Super Shop
225
4 min
$
The Windsor Tea House
99
5 min
British
Bikini Bottom Express
411
2 min
American
See all nearby restaurants
15 Attractions
Apocalypse Beach Club
95
Bars & Clubs
Marine Sky Bar
24
Danang Night Market
141
Flea & Street Markets
Simple Man Pub
11
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a prime spot close to the beach and local attractions, Yarra Ocean Suites Danang is lauded for its excellent service, with staff who go above and beyond in hospitality. The hotel's cleanliness and amenities, including spotless accommodations and a praised buffet breakfast, consistently impress guests. Rooms are described as clean and spacious with breathtaking sea views, although some guests suggest they might need updating.

While the ambiance is comfortable and inviting, visitors should be aware of possible noise from the nightlife. Overall, the hotel is celebrated for delivering great value.
Convenient
Atmosphere
Lively
Rooms
Spacious
Reasonable
Spotless
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
777
16
Q+A
38
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 628
Very Good 97
Average 25
Poor 12
Terrible 15
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(777)
English(338)
Korean(225)
Vietnamese(133)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsgreat hotelbeach frontexcellent locationswimming poolbeautiful beachda nang cityhotel staffthree nightsnice staffadamosunrisetaxireceptionistkindnessgrabrooftopms
Sort by:
Most Recent
Chutimon S wrote a review Mar 3
Bangkok, Thailand1 contribution
Good location good food good bed and nice staff
Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have parking lot but may be should renovate to be convenient parking Nice staffs. ❤️❤️❤️
Read more
Date of stay: March 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Suites Danang Yarra Ocean, Guest Services / Front Office at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
Responded 1 week ago
Dear Chutimon S, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Yarra Ocean Suites Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Jia W wrote a review Mar 3
Da Nang, Vietnam1 contribution
Good
Everything good and view with beach. Staff very friendly, breakfast nice also, location near the beach It will be better for the room if it has a big mirror. Howerver, overall everything is good and I will stay here again and most recommend to the other
Dear Jia W, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Yarra Ocean Suites Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Irene_J_02 wrote a review Mar 2
Malaysia249 contributions
+1
Lovely view and location..
The hotel's location is the best as this one is the last in the row and has vast front and side view of the sea and the city. Pls see pics... We stayed in Superior delux room having all the necessary room amenities and crispy white bed and bathroom linen and comfortable bed. We found the Hotel bit dated but maintained..ambience too was uninviting especially the lobby may be due to off season . All the staff were very courteous, well mannered and helpful. Breakfast options were not many for vegetarians..No cappuccino...we managed with fruits and bakery items. Room cleaning was little disappointing..we notified the manager about that and they followed.. The hotel has roof top pool with sitting area, gym and spa. Main thing was the atmosphere outside the hotel...which was…
Date of stay: January 2024
Dear Irene_J_02, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Yarra Ocean Suites Team
Luluqc W wrote a review Mar 1
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam1 contribution
Good location
The hotel has great service and really appreciated the free upgrade with sea view. The breakfast buffet is a great with a wide selections. However, can really focus on the smaller details as it is a 4 star hotel. The carpets can have a scent that needs attention, including the small gym has equipment that needs repairing.
Dear Luluqc W, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Yarra Ocean Suites Team
호영 장 wrote a review Feb 2024
1 contribution
Yarra
Price is not expensive, Near by beach, We can see an ocean view in our room I recommend here for taking a trip in Danang ! Breakfast is also good and near by here , there is night market and many bars or restaurants . And the people are so polite and nice 👍
Date of stay: February 2024
1 Helpful vote
Responded 3 weeks ago
Dear 호영 장, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Howie_Katz_13 wrote a review Feb 2024
Chiang Mai, Thailand125 contributions
Great hotel in DaNang
Everything here was perfect. The room was exactly what I requested. The breakfast was delicious and lots of choices. And everyone on the staff was friendly and very helpful. The location was also convenient for the beach, the restaurants and for sightseeing
Dear Howie_Katz_13, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
BRANDT L wrote a review Feb 2024
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
Outstanding and classy hotel with an incredible variety of breakfast items, lunch and dinner, simply the BEST
I used to stay at ADAMO prior to Covid-19 which is now the YARRA Hotel and Suites. Service throughout and all staff members superb, special mention of her kindness and professionalism must be awarded to Vivian. Simply outstanding young lady!
Dear Mr. Brandt, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us -Yarra Ocean Suites Danang, thank you on your kind words. It is great and heart-warming to read that we are able to delight you every time. We look forward to welcoming you back on March, and have a nice flight Mr. Lothar Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
파란 문 wrote a review Feb 2024
Very good
I stayed for three days and the ocean view was so pretty and the breakfast was so great. I want to come back. Very satisfied. I'm going to visit again with my family later. I wish I could stay at the rooftop swimming pool later. I think I'll come with my parents later
Responded 4 weeks ago
Dear 파란 문, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
wei Lam wrote a review Feb 2024
Adorable sea view!!!
What a adorable sea view hotel!! I can see the beach every morning I woke up, so love it. The staff is hospitable and really helpful, let's ask Thao and she and others will tell you many places for visiting. Many minimarts and pharmacies in this area. The weather in Danang is nice also. I had gone to Linh Ung pagoda that's on the Son Tra peninsula.
Dear wei Lam, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Ctara wrote a review Feb 2024
Excellent 👍
I like location very much Staff is so nice Breakfast is good and near the beach is more convinient. We enjoy a lot during staying here, everything and everybody is very nice. The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. Hope to stay in this hotel in my next trip
Responded 5 weeks ago
Dear Ctara, Thank you very much for choosing to stay with us, and taking your valuable time to write this great review. We look forward to the day we will welcome you back and take care of you as we always do. Warm regards, Vivian Vu, Front Office Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the My An area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$25 - $36 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
FORMERLY KNOWN AS
Adamo Hotel
LOCATION
VietnamDa NangMy An
NUMBER OF ROOMS
102
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
YARRA OCEAN SUITES DANANG $31 ($̶4̶1̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - My An, Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
Which popular attractions are close to Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Nearby attractions include Apocalypse Beach Club (0.05 miles), Marine Sky Bar (0.09 miles), and Danang Night Market (0.2 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include a rooftop bar, free wifi, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Top room amenities include a minibar, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Guests can enjoy a rooftop bar, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
What are some restaurants close to Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Conveniently located restaurants include Ca Chuon Co Vietnamese - Seafood Restaurant., IVegan Super Shop, and The Windsor Tea House.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a fitness center, and a sauna during their stay.
Does Yarra Ocean Suites Danang have airport transportation?
Yes, Yarra Ocean Suites Danang offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Is Yarra Ocean Suites Danang located near the city center?
Yes, it is 0.2 miles away from the center of My An.
Are any cleaning services offered at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at Yarra Ocean Suites Danang?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English and Vietnamese.
Does Yarra Ocean Suites Danang have any great views?
Yes, guests often enjoy the harbor view available here.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(758)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3
mi
43.6
1
min
4
5
2
628
97
25
12
15
All languages
(777)
English
(338)
Korean
(225)
Vietnamese
(133)
Chutimon S
Bangkok, Thailand
Date of stay:
transparency report
Jia W
Da Nang, Vietnam
Irene_J_02
Malaysia
249 contributions
249
The hotel's location is the best as this one is the last in the row and has vast front and side view of the sea and the city. Pls see pics... We stayed in Superior delux room having all the necessary room amenities and crispy white bed and bathroom linen and comfortable bed. We found the Hotel bit dated but maintained..ambience too was uninviting especially the lobby may be due to off season . All the staff were very courteous, well mannered and helpful. Breakfast options were not many for vegetarians..No cappuccino...we managed with fruits and bakery items. Room cleaning was little disappointing..we notified the manager about that and they followed.. The hotel has roof top pool with sitting area, gym and spa. Main thing was the atmosphere outside the hotel...which was
Luluqc W
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
호영 장
Howie_Katz_13
Chiang Mai, Thailand
125 contributions
125
BRANDT L
Auckland Central, New Zealand
4 contributions
파란 문
wei Lam
Ctara
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
