Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCheap Hotels in Can Tho
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Can Tho
Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Cheap
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Phuong Tran Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2 reviews
In Can Tho
#30 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice room with a swimming pool in the rooftop. Very spacious with a hall and a bedroom separately. Washing machine, lounge space, small kitchen, oven all the things were available to use. Very good in this price and..."
"This hotel just open for few days ago, it s a great location, just few meters away from the bus station. So when you arrive, you don t need any taxi. The rooms are very bright with Windows, the bed is very large..."
Hao Hoa Hotel Can Tho
3 reviews
#42 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This is a very new hotel and everything works perfectly. Rooms are a decent size, beds are very comfortable and aircon works very well. Staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. Location is really great. Within..."
"After 4 days being on the back of a motorbike and staying in poor accom this place was great. The rooms are really nice, beds are comfortable and the place is really clean. Would stay here again if I.was in can tho..."
Huynh Lac Can Tho Hotel
59 reviews
#87 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed at this hotel as a part of a tour through TNK travel. It appeared to be a budget hotel that held many people for tours. There was a cockroach in the bathroom and overall cleanliness could be improved. The..."
"We spent 3 nights in this hotel. It's ok but not crazy. Good bathroom with shampoo toothbrush and shower gel; Room Ok but not feng shui at all : A bed in front of a window and a miror and AC. Windows are so tiny..."
Thai Tuan Hotel
#44 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This hotel has impressed me again. The rooms are large and comfortable to stay in. Many restaurants to choose from within walking distance. A kite park by the river is also in walking and a joy to visit I would..."
Thanh Thuy Hotel
39 reviews
#8 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We've stayed in many small hotels in the Mekong and this is surprising to the up side. The rooms are clean and bright with fan, ac and wifi as well as a working small fridge. The beds, significantly, are softer that..."
"Nice clean room and good price. Great location if you're heading to floating market tour next morning, as the dock is just across the street. Helpful staff who works long hours. I wish they serve breakfast."
Kim Lan Hotel
374 reviews
#3 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Went here for a night, was good for that purpose. Good location and friendly service. We asked for twin beds and got it without a problem. There was no window in the regular room which was a bit tough but other than..."
Xuan Mai II Hotel
29 reviews
#86 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We booked an overnight stay in Xuan Mai 1 as part of a 2 day tour with delta tours. They wouldn't tell us the name of the hotel nor the location. When we eventually arrived we found the hotel had been fully booked..."
"We checked in here as part of a 4days Mekong Delta tour (booked with delta adventures, don't do it, do the trip yourself!), but we checked out after seeing the room. There were bugs in the bed, which is a big no..."
Linh Phuong 2 Hotel
11 reviews
#22 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Locates at the center of the city where I can easily walk around to biz places, cafe, entertaining spots. Nice decor for a 3* hotel, friendly staffs, reasonable price. Stayed only 1 night before flight, but..."
"Lovely hotel , cheap rate, no breakfast included this was good , I can have time to sleep in and enjoyed my tempted later. Will coming back to cantho such lovely place with flavoursome food there, so many cafe..."
Phat Dat Hotel
4 reviews
#36 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice hotel (more a guesthouse), our room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom was very clean. WiFi was good, we also had a fridge, TV and window in the room. Paid 250000 dong per night, very cheap for the room..."
"Me and some of friends came to stayed in this hotel 3 days ago. We all comfortable cause the room is clean and quite place even right in the central City and near with the boat dock. Easy to walk to the market and..."
Queen Hotel
8 reviews
#43 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I have been stay there with some of my friend, the hotel is located at the middle of the downtown, you are able to get everything near by with local restaurants, fruits shop, supermarket, and also very near to the..."
"I am at the hotel as I type this and I can say that it is clean, friendly and helpful. In a corner room we have surrounding windows, the bathroom is fresh and the bed is comfortable, though if you are tall you..."
Viva Motel
28 reviews
#83 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a basic room, just 1 towel for 2 guests, decent facilities, dirty blanket without bed sheet, until midnight loud music that forced us to stay awake although we had to wake up the next morning at 4 for the..."
"We had a beer here in the afternoon as it was blazing hot and we were thirsty. This was a quiet place at that time with only that us in and the Barman didn't seem that keen on having any customers. Eventually we got..."
Kim Long Hotel
349 reviews
#2 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was my second time staying at Kim Long Hotel. I came back with my family this time because Kim is very friendly, speaks good English, and arranges great private trips. The room was nice and clean with AC."
Khoa Phu Hotel
#9 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This is a great little hotel set back from a main road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great..."
"Simple But Very clean hotel! For me the most important thing. The staff was Very friendly and spoke Very good english. We booked a boat trip at the hotel for the floating market On the mekong delta and we had such a..."
Spring Hotel
91 reviews
#4 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Our original plan was to spend only one night in Can Tho so we were looking for a clean budget hotel. From the minute we checked-in we knew it would be a great stay. The staff here are awesome. They speak really..."
"We didn't expect the hotel to be as pleasant as it is, considering the rate we were paying, it was above expectations. The hotel is beautiful, with a small garden in front of the hotel entrance. The reception..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
993 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,991 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
Best Seller
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#4 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
549 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#5 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#7 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#18 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#20 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
Hieu's Cottage
#23 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Binh Minh Ecolodge
#21 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
Mekong Daniel Bungalow
18 reviews
#24 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this..."
"What a great place ! Daniel the owner & breakfast chef was the most pleasant man to chat with .his morning omelettes we’re to the moon and back .great bungalow room we stayed in 2 nights .clean ,comfortable and the..."
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Ben Tre
Kien Giang Province
Ben Tre Province
Rach Gia
An Giang Province
Chau Doc
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Nairobi
Known as the safari capital of Africa, Nairobi is an energetic, modern city that serves as a fascinating introduction to both wildlife and nightlife. Music clubs pulse with life, shops and markets bustle, and a mélange of restaurants will tempt your palate in this former Maasai watering hole. Top sights include the Karen Blixen Museum, Giraffe Centre and the black rhinos of Nairobi National Park. The compact city center is safe to walk in and taxis make other areas accessible.
Cox's Bazar
Popular Can Tho Categories
Downtown Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which cheap hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Can Tho?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Can Tho that have a family room?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have wheelchair access?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
