Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Europe Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Europe Cruises - Cruises to Europe
Europe
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Europe Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Europe cruise deals
5 Night Cruise to Europe - Western Mediterranean
Ship: MSC World Europa | Suite
Sailing Date: 4/7/2024
Departs: Genoa
$4,739
$1,069pp
View Cruise
7 Night Cruise to Europe - Western Mediterranean
Ship: MSC Seaside | Inside Cabin
Sailing Date: 5/11/2024
$3,519
$799pp
3 Night Cruise to Europe - Western Mediterranean
Ship: Oasis of the Seas | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 9/26/2024
Departs: Rome (Civitavecchia)
$4,928
$1,279pp
Sailing Date: 3/17/2024
$5,369
$1,410pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Caribbean
Bahamas
Hawaii
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Africa
Canada
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Europe?
Cruisers can visit multiple cities -- often multiple countries -- in one weeklong to two-week trip, so they can hit the highlights and only pay airfare once. Instead of logging long hours traveling in a bus, navigating train schedules in a foreign language or moving from hotel to hotel, cruise passengers can enjoy fine dining, complimentary entertainment and one comfortable home base for the entire trip as the ship sails from Spain to France to Italy.
What are Popular Activities in Europe?
Activities vary depending on where you go. Cultural and historical attractions are present nearly everywhere -- whether that's exploring Roman ruins, visiting famous art museums or touring castles, fortresses and historic homes. Beautiful cathedrals and religious sites are plentiful. Tasty food and wine tours are educational and available throughout all of Europe.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Europe?
While there are some European cruises year-round, spring, summer and fall are the major times to go. Summertime is the primary time that Baltic and Arctic cruises are offered to destinations in Northern Europe.
The best times to go on a Europe river cruise are often spring and fall, when temperatures are pleasant and crowds somewhat diminished. Travelers looking for a unique spin on a river cruise can opt for a late fall sailing to visit Europe's famous Christmas Markets -- just be prepared for cool weather.
What are Popular Ports in Europe?
Baltic ports include St. Petersburg, Stockholm, Copenhagen and Helsinki, while Norwegian fjords sailings call at Geiranger, Bergen and Flam. Western Europe ports include Lisbon, Dublin, Liverpool and Glasgow.
Rhine River cruises visit Amsterdam, Cologne, Strasbourg and Basel. Popular ports on the Danube River include Vienna and Budapest. Other popular river cruise destinations, depending on which itinerary you choose, might include Bruges, Porto, Bordeaux and Paris.
Where do Europe cruises depart from?
Baltic and Norwegian fjord cruises depart from a range of ports, including Southampton (about an hour from London), Copenhagen, Stockholm, Bergen and Amsterdam. Round-Britain cruises depart from Dublin, Southampton or other ports in England.
European river cruises depart from a variety of ports, depending on the river and itinerary. Danube River cruises depart from Budapest, Passau or Nuremberg; Rhine River from Amsterdam and Basel; Seine from Paris; Rhone from Lyon, Avignon and Arles; Portugal's Douro from Lisbon and Porto; Elbe from Berlin and Prague; and Bordeaux cruises depart from Bordeaux.
What are Popular Regions of Europe?
Northern sailings take in Scandinavia (including Norway's gorgeous fjord country), Russia and other Baltic capitals along with the U.K., Ireland and Iceland. Some venture north of the Arctic Circle to the very top of Europe.
River cruises bring travelers to even more destinations along the Rhine, Danube and other major waterways -- including Amsterdam, Paris, Vienna and Budapest.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Europe?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Europe. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Europe. Last minute cruises deals to Europe appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Europe in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
