Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayOutdoor activities in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Outdoor Activities
Outdoor Activities in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
897 places sorted by featured
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Adventure Tours
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beache…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$125
2023
3. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$38
4. 3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
135
Bus Tours
3 days
Explore Ninh Binh's famous Trang An Cave, and ancient Bai Dinh Temple, Mua Cave, experiencing local culture during a 1-night…
$50
5. Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
Halong Bay day trip from Hanoi - best choice when you don't have much time Taking a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong …
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$39
6. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
11–12 hours
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
SPECIAL OFFER
7. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
652
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$52$47
8. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
9. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$29
10. Guided Tour to Ha Long Bay for 3 Days and 2 Nights
Nature and Wildlife Tours
Enjoying a night on Halong Bay is a “MUST”! Just imagine how you will feel when following the Stars sparkling, lying on …
$290
11. Full-Day Halong Bay 5 Stars Luxury Cruise Tour with Buffet Lunch
134
The best way to explore Halong Bay is book a tour with cruise. We are proud that we are the best 5 stars luxury cruise day…
$70
12. Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
11
Heritage Cruises introduces the first Vietnamese heritage and boutique cruise on the Red River and the Gulf of Tonkin. Our…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$300
13. CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
545
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beaches…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
14. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
15. Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Cable Car Tours
Many options at this tour if you click and check availability. We have tours to Lan Ha Bay, Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay. # …
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$299
16. Bhaya 2-Day Halong Bay Tour with Optional Hanoi Transfer by Bus
691
One day to explore Halong Bay is simply not enough. Discover the UNESCO World Heritage Site at leisure during a 2-day cruise…
$203
17. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
$126
18. From Hanoi: Ha Long Bay Luxury Cruise Day Tour with Jacuzzi
Explore Ha Long bay on a luxury day tour with optional limousine transportation from Hanoi. Take a cruise with lunch included…
$69
19. Amazing Sails - Luxury Halong Bay Day Trip from Hanoi
13
 Long and unique route allow to explore many further corners of Ha Long Bay in 5.5 - 6 hours cruising  Visit cave and …
$101
20. Halong Bay 2 Days 1 Night Cruise
38
Luxury Car Tours
The journey to discover Halong Bay 2 days 1 night will be a great way to experience the wonder of the world created swimming…
$129
9 free museums in Rome for art, history, and Roman ruins
Looking for free things to do in Rome? Here are the best free museums in Rome, from art museums to archaeological sites, and museums that are free-to-enter every Sunday for Domenica al Museo.
Read now
21. Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
3
7–12 hours
Jade Sails is Top Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay offer riding highest luxurious comfort limousine via new expressway…
$110
22. Full Day Tour Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay on 5tar Premium Cruise
9
No trip to the north of Vietnam is complete without a visit to Halong Bay. There are more than 1,600 islets in the bay, …
23. Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
Airboat Tours
8–12 hours
#####Trip Highlights for HALONG BAY ITINERARY - Visit Sung Sot cave - biggest cave in Halong Bay - Visit Titop Island - …
Taking safety measures
$60
24. Dora Cruise - Luxury 5 Star Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay (2D1N)
31
Dora Cruise is steel-hulled which ensure safety for clients. With 22 fully equipped luxurious cabins with private balcony…
$199
25. Le Journey Cruise Luxury Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay 3 Days Tour
1
Private and Luxury
Start cruising from Halong Bay to Lan Ha Bay for explore a quiet paradise area.Our itinerary is unique and different, we…
$305
26. Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
28
Lunch Cruises
6–12 hours
Our Halong day cruise covers all important activities include kayking, visit most famous places and lunch, ideal option …
27. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Lan Ha Bay Cruise Trip
32
6 hours
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$79
28. BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
6
Enjoy an intimate cruise through the picturesque Ha Long Bay on boutique boats and modern cruise cruises appeals to culture…
$135
29. Jadesails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
5
JADESAILS CRUISE- THE MOST LUXURIOUS DAY TOUR IN HALONG BAY & LAN HA BAY HIGHLIGHTS: -02 hours riding with Luxurious comfort…
30. Sapphire Cruise 3 Days Tour into Halong Bay (2 Nights on Boat )
Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay are two water paradises in the top 10 most spectacular beautiful water bays in the world. As a…
$315
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 897
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Go628771
3 contributions
A fun full on itinerary
Cozy Bay cruise is a great way to see Ha Long Bay. The boat itself has seen better days but our room on board was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was hot. You could lay on the bed and have a wonderful view of the bay from the window. It’s a full on itinerary and you do feel a bit like you’re on the tourist conveyer belt when you visit the caves. But they’re worth it - very impressive and it’s a huge cave system. But what really makes this trip is the hospitality and hard work of the staff and the excellent and abundant food. You do have to pay for drinks and they served some fancy cocktails. It will also depend on the group you’re with - we had a young backpacker crowd on our boat and we were by far the oldest. They were a lively lot and this made it very entertaining - especially watching those that wanted to perform karaoke. You also get to go kayaking and you get a cookery class! Mr Lee was our host and he was always polite helpful and cheerful. In my opinion this trip is great value for money. The only sad part is the amount of rubbish on the water. We did see one small boat collecting it but they need to keep this beautiful water clean for visitors and wildlife to continue to enjoy.
Read more
Review of: CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
Written March 8, 2024
Cyril M
1 contribution
The best of all our trips in Vietnam
We absolutely loved the tour organised by Cat Ba Ventures. It was so much fun with jumping off the boat from roughly 5meters high and did some flips. The kayaking was phenomenal to see amazing stalactites and stalagmites in caves and serene lagoons. Hang was the best and also the highlight of our trip who made this trip special. It worths paying extra money than 32$!
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
Tourist60808340802
Amazing
Amazing experience. The service was excellent, so was food and views!!! Had an amazing time enjoying kayaking and swimming too. Highly recommend!
Review of: 3-Day Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 5 Star Cruise
Written March 9, 2024
Alun C
Falkirk, UK1 contribution
Ha Long bay trip from Hanoi
Fantastic trip. Would definitely recommend it. It was cloudy but still spectacular and the cave is amazing. The highlight of my trip to Hanoi.
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
Written February 28, 2024
Gašper
4 contributions
Recommended trip to Halong bay in one day
Beautiful trip, very good guide. The van was very comfortable to go to Halong Bay. Everything was as in the tour program. The ship was very nice and a good lunch on it. We have seen many things and drove in a canoe boat. It was a long and amazing trip.
Review of: Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
Written January 1, 2024
Shruti
Best experience
It was an amazing trip! Sunny was a great host, very funny and engaging! Highly recommend this trip for Halong Bay! We booked via Get Your Guide
Review of: Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
Илья Ф
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
Lovi N
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
OnAir289177
Well organised tour, amazing tour guide, value for money, and overall a very enjoyable tour
The tour was well organised and we had an amazing guide who gave us tips and useful information. We had a nice time and will definitely recommend to our friends.
Review of: Full-Day Halong Bay 5 Stars Luxury Cruise Tour with Buffet Lunch
Written January 21, 2024
SandraDee_22
Reidsville, NC112 contributions
Amazing experience.
Our family really enjoyed the Halong Bay cruise experience. On the ship we enjoyed a large private balcony, open bar at happy hour, an amazing bicycle ride to a lovely Thai village where we enjoyed a fish massage. I won’t explain-it would ruin the fun. Just do it! The staff on board was great. Special thanks to John, Danielle, Mac, Ngoc and Xenia. ! We kayaked and went to the beach. The meals were amazing and the staff dealt well with our dood allergies and preferences.
Review of: Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
Written January 9, 2024
sampada l
Definetly recommend it for a scenic experience
very well planned itinerary with fun activities. Our guide Mr.Tuan was a knowledgable person and explained all the things very clearly. The rooms were clean and well equipped.Thanks to the crew onboard for a great service.
Review of: CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
Written February 25, 2024
GoPlaces57812029474
Melbourne, Australia2 contributions
Halong Bay Cruise
We really loved this cruise and would definitely recommend it to all our friends and family! The staff were so kind and accomodating, they even upgraded our room for free and helped us with whatever we needed. Our room came with our own private balcony and a jacuzzi. The food on board was spectacular, with lunch and dinner having multiple courses. The boat and the room was very clean and well kept. It was super fun doing the activities and we took full advantage of them.
Review of: LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
Written January 23, 2024
Ian
United States2 contributions
Amazing!!
Awesome tour make sure you do 2 nights! You won’t regret !! I will be back on day that’s for sure
Really loved every minute ..
Review of: Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
Written January 27, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for outdoor activities in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for outdoor activities in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic outdoor activities in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for outdoor activities in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Outdoor activities in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
$52
$47
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Falkirk, UK
Reidsville, NC
112 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
