Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongThings to Do in Hai PhongTours in Hai Phong
THE 10 BEST Hai Phong Tours & Excursions
Hai Phong Tours
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Concerts & Shows
Food & Drink
Show more
Product Categories
Ports of Call Tours
Bus Tours
Multi-day Tours
Walking Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
Spanish
German
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
See All Tour Operators
826 places sorted by featured
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
247
Adventure Tours
Enjoy amazing views of the UNESCO-listed landscape with our 5 star cruise. Dragon bay cruise with 25 cabins which are all…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$159
2023
3. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,847
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$38
4. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
1,665
Our boats start from Cat Ba island, which is more beautiful and more interesting than Ha Long city. We avoid the crowd, …
$157
5. Halong Pandora 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive, cave, transfer
118
Enjoy amazing views of the UNESCO-listed landscape with Luxury 5 Star Cruise. Highlight: Cruise is designed with ensuite…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$145
6. BEST SELLER- 3 Day/2 Night Cruise with All-Inclusive in Halong
197
Luxury Car Tours
3 days
Ha Long Bay & Lan Ha Bay route - Visit & Activities: Cave, Kayaking, Sunbathing, Swimming, Cooking Class, beaches, Cycling…
$290
7. All-Inclusive 3 Day/2 Night Halong Luxury Cruise Meals, Cave, Kayaking, Swimming
240
Recommended by 96% of travelers
8. Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
===>>> New and comfort private cabin with balcony and bathtub ===>>> Depart from the harbor, no need to take speedboat ===>>> …
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$160
9. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
192
Outback Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
10. 3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
134
Explore Ninh Binh's famous Trang An Cave, and ancient Bai Dinh Temple, Mua Cave, experiencing local culture during a 1-night…
$50
11. 2 Day Halong With Seaplane & Luxury Overnight Cruise From Hanoi
Halong Bay is one of Vietnam’s most photographed sights and this overnight tour offers a rare chance to experience it from…
$395
12. Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
74
8–9 hours
The Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Island offers a distinctive itinerary on a spacious cruise, featuring a plethora of …
$35
13. Top 1 Ha Long-Lan Ha Bay Luxury 5 Star Cruises & Balcony Cabin
352
2 Day discovery Halong Bay, Lan Ha Bay or Bai Tu Long Bay. Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island for Halong, Cat Ba Island and …
$140
14. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
15. Best Lan Ha Bay -Cat Ba Cruise 2D1N:Fishing Village Kayak, Biking, Evening Party
775
Spring Break
Lan Ha Bay, which has been for years under the management of Cat Ba National Park, is in fact a part of the complex that…
$125
16. 3 days 2 nights discover majetstic of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay
63
We organise the trip to the most beautiful places in Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay with less touristic areas. Our group is…
$239
17. Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Cable Car Tours
Many options at this tour if you click and check availability. We have tours to Lan Ha Bay, Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay. # …
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$299
18. Amazing day - Boat trip discover real Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay
24
Swimming
For every one who whould love to visit the real Ha Long bay, one of seven natural wonders of the world, activities include…
$25
19. Full Day Trip to Lan Ha Bay with Kayaking in less tourist Areas
9
Transportation Services
While cruising with us You’ll explore a fishing village, enjoy kayaking through lagoons, archways, and caves, and stop at…
$34
20. Luxury Lan Ha Bay Full Day Boat tour from Cat Ba island
207
Small group tour for max 25 people Our tour will go to all less touristy area of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay We have the…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$48
21. Day Tour Serenity Cruise at Lan Ha Bay from Hanoi, Hai Phong
12–13 hours
Lan Ha Bay cruise day tour from Hanoi, Cat Ba Island and Hai Phong City with unique itinerary on Serenity Cruise with lots…
22. Lan Ha Bay Full-Day Tour from Hanoi, Hai Phong - Serenity Cruises
6
Lan Ha Bay full-day tour from Hanoi, Cat Ba Island and Hai Phong City with unique itinerary on cruise with lots of outdoor…
23. 2 days 1 night discover Lan Ha Bay on Daiichi Boutique Cruise
16
Audio Guides
Two days one night cruise to wildly Lan Ha Bay and a part of Bai Tu Long Bay on one of our Traditional Wooden boats, this…
$122
24. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
25. Sunset and evening with glowing plankton with Cat Ba Local Adventure
31
Kayaking Tours
4 hours
Many people are paying a lot of money to stay overnight on expensive boat just to experience what we offer. A side from …
$42
26. Lan Ha Bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, Swimming at the pristine places
115
Cruising in Lan Ha bay Visiting pristine places in Lan Ha bay Do kayaking & Swimming at the Ba Trai Dao Beach Do biking…
27. 1 Day Boat Tour: HaLong Bay, Lan Ha Bay, Natural Beach and Full Moon Party
209
Enjoy some of the best sights and activities in the Halong Bay area on this easy day tour from Cat Ba. By touring by boat…
28. Lan Ha Bay Full-Day Cruise From Cat Ba Town - Serenity Cruises
12
Lan Ha Bay full-day cruise from Cat Ba town with a unique itinerary on the cruise with lots of outdoor activities like kayaking…
$36
29. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
239
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$109
30. Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
For everyone who wants to experience the landscapes of the heritage region of Cat Ba archipelago and Ha Long Bay. We organize…
$26
1
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 826
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
davides1987
Melbourne, Australia15 contributions
0
Great experience
Excellent experience. Clean and wonderful food treated very well. Fantastic activities from start to finish! We were very happy with our trip and had a wonderful time
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 7, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Crispin H
1 contribution
Amazing time
Our tour guide Mr Lee was really helpful and cheerful at all times. The trip was very well organised and great fun. Recommend
Review of: Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
Written March 6, 2024
Peter b
Australia2 contributions
A great day
Superb scenery with beautiful rocks and cliffs and views of both Lan Ha and Halong Bay
Wonderful examples of karst. Trip very well organised. Excellent food.
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
Lori J
4 contributions
Location, guide, food, comfort, communication, all made easy, fun, and fabulous!
This tour is exceptional for many reasons! Best of all is the route to less touristy, quiet bays and lagoons for kayaking and overnighting. We could fully appreciate the majestic, unique landscape in all its beauty. The other two highlights of this tour are 1) the excellent spread of plentiful, delicious food with many options, and 2) the really awesome guide named Tony, whose friendly, positive, and energetic personality made the tour outstanding. Tony shared little bits of his personal Vietnamese life story interwoven with many other stories about local culture, beliefs, and practices. His story-telling is very entertaining and his insight and perspectives helped us to understand our observations in Vietnam. Tony welcomed our questions and he’s able to answer or share info from a deep, thoughtful, and educated background. We were thrilled to have him as our guide. He is truly entertaining and makes the days a lot of fun, laughing and finding humour often. Two big thumbs up for taking us to non-touristy locations, for an awesome guide, delicious food, and comfy beds and baths and fantastic communication, too! The email booking, bus pickup, and office staff were totally excellent, too!
Read more
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
Aman Singh
8 contributions
I recently went on a cruise trip to Ha Long Bay, and I must highlight Victor’s exceptional assistance. He made everything smooth for my family, addressing all our questions and challenges effortlessly. Victor truly deserves recognition for his outstanding support. He deserves to be promoted since he was better than other managers around.

The lady from the restaurant was also very helpful.
Review of: Halong Pandora 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive, cave, transfer
Michael B
Egypt31 contributions
A wonderful experience
This is an excellent cruise. The staff is friendly, hardworking, and polite. The food was beautifully presented and tasty. They went out of their way to meet all special dietary needs. The activities on and off the boat were great. I can’t stress how professional and well-run our cruise with Athena was.
Review of: BEST SELLER- 3 Day/2 Night Cruise with All-Inclusive in Halong
Written March 3, 2024
jayne N
Melbourne, Australia2 contributions
Halong Bay cruise did not disappoint
We cruised with Athena Luxury Cruises booked through Viator. The cruise was well organised with friendly staff and wonderful day trips included. Plenty of food and well appointed rooms.
Our cruise manager Tim, was lovely to deal with and so helpful. We needed to change our bus plans to Ninh Binh at short notice and the Viator consultant, Ivy, was so helpful and had it sorted in no time. We enjoyed our time on Halong Bay, a beautiful part of the world.
Review of: All-Inclusive 3 Day/2 Night Halong Luxury Cruise Meals, Cave, Kayaking, Swimming
Written March 4, 2024
Grace712
2 contributions
Amazing views and incredible boat
The trip was very well organised and the boat was amazing. The views were unbelievable something that we will never forget. Staff and Alex the leader were very professional and welcoming. We loved the trip and would highly recommended.
Review of: Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
Anna C
Great day out!
Amazing views, really good tour guide (very fun!) and amazing to be able to see the endangered cat ba langur during the kayaking part of the trip!
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Written March 2, 2024
Joy C
3 contributions
3 days trip to Ninh Binh and Halong bay
With my mother, we had great 3-day trip to Ninh Binh and Halong bay. All was well organized and advised before hand. Jessica, our tour guide accompanied us through What’s app messages providing all information we needed to know. It was indeed clear and detailed. James, the guide to Ninh Binh at the first day was funny and punctual, the meals and accommodation in Ninh Binh was so so, but we are in countryside, it was already over the expectation.
But the real surprise was the Catherine Cruise in Halong bay. It was one of the biggest and latest 6 stars cruise. We really had Greta time there and was very well taken care by personal hostess, Joanna.
I was very concerned about the trip before leaving since I’ll be traveling with my mother, 70 years old, but it went smoothly except some physical spots that she had to pass, she had overall excellent experience in the trip. I absolutely recommend it to everyone.
Review of: 3-Day Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 5 Star Cruise
Written March 5, 2024
Robert F
11 contributions
Great experience, quality equipment and service
We had taken a two day, one night cruise to Lan Ha Bay with another company, and enjoyed the experience. We had an extra day at Cat Ba so we tried a one day cruise with Serenity. Most impressive! The boat was modern and well presented. It had multiple levels inside and out, offering great variety of relaxation and observation. The tour leader, Phuc, was lively and engaging. The lunch was EXCELLENT. Big choice, lots of food!
Importantly, their kayaks and life vests were virtually new and of good quality, unlike others we observed. Also, they followed a different route to other boats, so we saw a lot more of Lan Ha Bay.
The activities were well planned. We tried the kayaking, but I ran into difficulties part way through. Phuc IMMEDIATELY assisted me, returning me to a waiting rowboat and helping me on board. This company is really focussed on the safety of their clients.
The price was very reasonable given the quality of service, food and activities. I can HIGHLY recommend Serenity. It was a breeze to book this through TripAdvisor, too. All Done before we left Australia and tickets, etc all done digitally.
Review of: Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
GoPlaces00553645027
Excellent
Great and enjoyable service, Dong was excellent. Food was good, and all the activities were wonderful. Great room, good service, 10/10
Review of: Top 1 Ha Long-Lan Ha Bay Luxury 5 Star Cruises & Balcony Cabin
Илья Ф
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
A S
The amazing time in Vietnam
The view was so amazing from the ship.
My favorites are cycling tour and food.
I spend amazing time for your tour.
Thank you!!
Review of: Best Lan Ha Bay -Cat Ba Cruise 2D1N:Fishing Village Kayak, Biking, Evening Party
Frequently Asked Questions about Hai Phong
Which experiences are best for tours in Hai Phong?
What are the best places for tours in Hai Phong?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for kids and families?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for couples?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for groups?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic tours in Hai Phong?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for tours in Hai Phong?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for adventurous travelers?
Which places provide the best tours in Hai Phong for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Hai Phong
Tours in Hai Phong
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Melbourne, Australia
15 contributions
Australia
Egypt
31 contributions
