Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Matches:LuxuryBeachfront
Missing:Resort
Luxury Neo classic Condo
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
19 reviews
In Da Nang
#336 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Luxury Apartment is a good place to stay. The check-in was fast, the rooms are spacious and spotless. I love my bed, it was comfortable and the linen is fresh. I booked a suite and there is a fridge in my room. I..."
"We love the accommodations. It is clean and modern. It’s is near many restaurants. The beds are so soft. There are amenities in the apartment and the manager gave us a tour. Provided free water and a few staples. "
Olalani Resort & Condotel
88 reviews
#277 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The rooms were ultra luxury rooms with the exquisite Hawaiian theme in every detail right from the two tone wooden mirror frames and wardrobes , the hawaiian figure carved front door to the frosted hibiscus patter..."
"We are currently staying at the hotel. This hotel requires updating and TLC. The location of the hotel is great and is on the beach, which if beautiful. We have a large room that works for us as a family of four..."
Visit hotel website
Hai Trieu Hotel
26 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#9 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"The hotel location is nearby the My Khe beach. The room is comfortable and clean, the staff is friendly, especially Xuan & Phu, they're very kind, helped me a lot with my reservation. Highly recommend "
"The rooms seems to be new and modern which definitely meet the requirements for 3 stars hotel standard. The staffs are very friendly and interesting. I can't image that I could make a cheaper reservation like this."
Sincero Hotel & Apartment
4 reviews
#89 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"We stayed here for 05 nights and everything is perfect. Spacious room with fully facilities. The breakfast is awesome with a lot of choices. The staff go beyond to help you for any questions as well as booking car..."
An Macrobiotic Homestay & Apartment
2 reviews
2.3 miles from Da Nang
#6 of 60 Specialty lodging in Son Tra Peninsula
"The location is 10 mins walk from the beach."
"I mean, such a nice apartment for the price. I’m still in shock! 😂 Here’s a summary - great location 📍 - easy check in 🏨 - lovely host 👩🏻 - huge room 🏠 - nice bathroom 🚽 - stylish furnishings..."
Phuoc My An Beach Hotel
8 reviews
#311 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Hotels in Vietnam don't weather well. Either from the climate, or poor initial construction, or poor preventive maintenance - it's better to choose a relatively new hotel. The Phuoc My An Beach Hotel was new..."
"The service was truly topnotch! We were celebrating my son's birthday and Miss Lau ordered a 9" cake from a bakery complete with candles. Then the staff sang and presented the cake to my son. He was super happy..."
Park Regis Cocobay Da Nang
17 reviews
#215 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Even if the place is still new, I love the class A accommodation they gave us during our stay. The room is very cosy and very clean. The management makes sure that your stay will be worth it. I surely recommend it..."
"Ms xuan, Hong, Tan and linh, Vu and anh(f+B) they Cer helpful and provide lots of useful information. They will transport and excursion to places like Bana Hill, city tour and HoiAn town. Good resort to come for..."
Gold Plaza Hotel
1 review
#403 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
Matches:ResortBeachfront
Missing:Luxury
All Inclusive
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#97 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"... up liquid • Beach is literally across the hotel • Great location and convenient with eateries, mini Marts, and beach bars within the vicinity • breakfast was good with a good mix of international & local cuisine"
"It was a short walk to bats, beach clubs, massages, restaurants, cafes etc and there was a mini Mary just around the corner."
Matches:Luxury
Missing:BeachfrontResort
Alan Sea Hotel Danang
127 reviews
#106 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"A beautiful and luxurious hotel with incredible views."
"Rooms are truly luxurious with breathtaking views."
CN Palace Boutique Hotel & Spa
#248 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"An absolutely perfect stay in this hotel.All the facilities are new and in modern style.The hotel room was very nice and clean with a city view.The staff were really friendly, kind and helpfull.Very happy choosing..."
"Only stayed here for one night but it was very nice. The room was lovely and the beds were so comfy. Room and bathroom were clean and spacious. Was very impressed with the room. Staff were very friendly. We went..."
Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
1,315 reviews
#115 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"... in tins but cocktails were always freshly made from scratch Breakfast was buffet style, eggs of all styles were cooked to order and there was plenty of choice for all nationality's Fantastic beach holiday stay"
"Very handy location right on a quieter section of beach (no roads to cross) and perfect for visiting marble mountains, Hoi An & Danang."
2023
Diamond Sea Hotel
1,820 reviews
#22 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Pool is on top of the hotel with amazing view and a bar with cold refreshments while you are relaxing at the pool.Just across the road from hotel there is beautiful beach .Lisa, Brian, Anne, James , Steve and all..."
"Great hotel- excellent location - right across the road from the beach an a great selection of restaurants - clean rooms - modern bathroom - friendly efficient staff- breakfast buffet was excellent - Rooftop bar a..."
Son Tra Resort & Spa
155 reviews
#54 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"especially, we enjoyed the private beach so much; it was really nature and peaceful."
"Slept each night with the French doors open listening to the waves crashing on the beach."
Temple Da Nang
91 reviews
2.5 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 14 B&Bs / Inns in Phuoc My
"The site said the room accommodated 4 people - 2 adults, 1 child and 1 infant. We had to pay 200,000 dong/night extra for our child, and our toddler was free. This got us one large bed for us all to sleep in, and 2..."
"Nice place at the beach for reading a book and drinking a watermelon juice. Always a nice sea breeze, like to have a coffee there in the morning or a beer in the afternoon. I can just sit down and read a book while..."
The Ocean Villas
341 reviews
#130 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso..."
Tien Sa Resort
6.5 miles from Da Nang
#46 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"The Tien Sa Beach Resort.Danang Vietnam is probably the largest, most beautiful beach front hotel complexes on the ocean of Danang. Located about 40 minutes from Danang Airport and about 20 minutes from town way up..."
"We were there as a family of four for a week for the last week of February 2020 and loved it. Spacious bungalows with terrace overlooking the beach and ocean. Lovely staff that did their best to accomodate for our..."
Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
237 reviews
#95 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"great service great staff wonderful hotel to stay for your holiday Near the beach, large room, excellent breakfast bufffet daily, bellman helpfull, I love this place Highly recommend when coming Danang city"
"Good service, staff are kind and friendly There is one staff name is” kim anh “can speak thai she’s friendly I stayed with family and got room upgrade can see beach view so beautiful We are happy ."
Coco Ocean Resort
21 reviews
#251 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"... loved they rented motorbikes very inexpensive per day, the lovely pool was a winner in our book and the fact they have free shuttle service daily to their private Vanessa Beach (just 5 min away) is spectacular!"
"The resort has a huge pool and access to a private beach."
Fansipan Danang Hotel
124 reviews
#200 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Coffee shops, restaurants, convenience stores all near by and 5 minutes walk to the beach, perfect!"
"I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the sofa..."
Matches:ResortLuxury
Missing:Beachfront
Montgomerie Links Hotel & Villas
27 reviews
#34 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Febulous and luxurious golf experience in Da Nang"
"Service was good but air con autoshuts at 25degrees which is too hot for me. Bed was good. Lighting maybe can be brighter. Toilet is clean but hot water takes 5min to kick in. Overall i’m satisfied with the stay. "
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
Top Rated
Best Seller
Monarque Hotel
3,034 reviews
#1 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"Excellent location near beach where I enjoyed a swim every day and beautifully appointed rooms that are kept spotlessly clean during your stay."
"Just metres away from the from the beachfront with a beautifully regal lobby and friendly, welcoming staff, this hotel far exceeded expectations."
Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
907 reviews
#9 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything Beach great Walk to mini market Pool has great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well stocked We will be back"
"Strongly recommend to stay at le Sands coz it’s such a cozy / clean / good service / comfy hotel .. feel comfy and love the beach view room .. I’m definitely wil come back Agains maybe bring my kids - thx to staff..."
Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,455 reviews
#5 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Staff were super helpful They helped us book our train and helped us with other transportation Breakfast was really good — lots of choices Had a roof -top pool and gym Located right next to the beach"
"The room service was perfect and was on time and I love the pool services .. And yeahh the breakfast was pretty good … Love all the freshness nearby the hotel and the best part was the beach - front view whiich is..."
Cani Beach House
#25 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Only a 2-minute walk from the sea, the hotel's location is very convenient for you to go to the beach or to local specialty restaurants."
"It is very convenient from here as it is just opposite the beach and is near the attractions and shops around."
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
#4 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"On the beach Great views Minh Trang was AMAZING Helpful Great location Great massages Penthouse is a MUST for a family Would highly recommend"
"Very nice and clean hotel I chose the ocean view and it was beautiful Make me feel cozy and want to stay Great location very close to the beach and to the city as well The Service was excellent, friendly and helpf..."
DLG Hotel Danang
642 reviews
#19 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Brilliant hotel Location perfect…across the road fantastic beach and walk-in distance to many restaurants and shops Staff amazing Lovely pools Rooms kept spotless after service each morning Breakfast each morning..."
"Room is comfortable and has nice ocean view Breakfast is delicious and many choices Staff is very helpful and always greeting Location is near by beach and restaurants Thank you all staff in DLG and will comback"
Paris Deli Hotel
2,348 reviews
#87 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Fantastic phenomenal hotel five out of five stars right on the beach with incredible view we were on the 19th floor with breakfast included that was delicious with a variety of fantastic choices!"
"Stayed at paris deli for 3 nights, the location is unbeatable and at stone’s throw distance from night market, and the beach The beach view is breathtaking and huong did a wonderful job in making our stay more ple..."
Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
#3 of 71 hotels in My An
"They have amazing Spa service as well.. Hotel is pretty Clean.. Thankyou and will surely Visit Again .. Staff name : Vivian Truc Van Amazing beach Side experience"
"Everything we need is available in the neighborhood and the beach view is so soothing.. the breeze and the climate is all a whole package.. Overalll we had a great stay here!"
Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#34 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very centrally located hotel With good proximity to pristine my khe beach Wonderful service and great staff Loved the stay Nice roof top swimming pool and terrace area with swings and to unwind the day with few dr..."
"Just loved the stuff so friendly and kind and helpful would go back all the time so close to the beach the coffee shop across the road was fantastic and the lanterns and markets where unbelievable food was amazing..."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Read more
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
South Goa District
Popular Da Nang Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
All Inclusive Resorts
Family Resorts
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about luxury beach resorts
What are the best luxury beach resorts near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have a pool?
Which luxury beach resorts are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best luxury beach resorts in Da Nang?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are romantic?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
The rooms were ultra luxury rooms with the exquisite Hawaiian theme in every detail right from the two tone wooden mirror frames and wardrobes , the hawaiian figure carved front door to the frosted hibiscus patter...
The rooms were ultra
luxury
rooms with the exquisite Hawaiian theme in every detail right from the two tone wooden mirror frames and wardrobes , the hawaiian figure carved front door to the frosted hibiscus patter...
The location is 10 mins walk from the beach.
The location is 10
mins walk from the beach
.
... up liquid • Beach is literally across the hotel • Great location and convenient with eateries, mini Marts, and beach bars within the vicinity • breakfast was good with a good mix of international & local cuisine
... up liquid • Beach is literally across the hotel • Great location and convenient with eateries, mini Marts, and
beach bars
within the vicinity • breakfast was good with a good mix of international & local cuisine
It was a short walk to bats, beach clubs, massages, restaurants, cafes etc and there was a mini Mary just around the corner.
It was a short walk to bats,
beach
clubs, massages, restaurants, cafes etc and there was a mini Mary just around the corner.
A beautiful and luxurious hotel with incredible views.
A beautiful and
luxurious hotel
with incredible views.
Rooms are truly luxurious with breathtaking views.
Rooms are truly
luxurious
with breathtaking views.
... in tins but cocktails were always freshly made from scratch Breakfast was buffet style, eggs of all styles were cooked to order and there was plenty of choice for all nationality's Fantastic beach holiday stay
... in tins but cocktails were always freshly made from scratch Breakfast was buffet style, eggs of all styles were cooked to order and there was plenty of choice for all nationality's
Fantastic beach
holiday stay
Very handy location right on a quieter section of beach (no roads to cross) and perfect for visiting marble mountains, Hoi An & Danang.
Very handy location right on a quieter section of
(no roads to cross) and perfect for visiting marble mountains, Hoi An & Danang.
Pool is on top of the hotel with amazing view and a bar with cold refreshments while you are relaxing at the pool.Just across the road from hotel there is beautiful beach .Lisa, Brian, Anne, James , Steve and all...
Pool is on top of the hotel with amazing view and a bar with cold refreshments while you are relaxing at the pool.Just across the road from hotel there is
beautiful beach
.Lisa, Brian, Anne, James , Steve and all...
Great hotel- excellent location - right across the road from the beach an a great selection of restaurants - clean rooms - modern bathroom - friendly efficient staff- breakfast buffet was excellent - Rooftop bar a...
Great hotel- excellent location - right across the road from the
an a great selection of restaurants - clean rooms - modern bathroom - friendly efficient staff- breakfast buffet was excellent - Rooftop bar a...
especially, we enjoyed the private beach so much; it was really nature and peaceful.
especially, we enjoyed the
private beach
so much; it was really nature and peaceful.
Slept each night with the French doors open listening to the waves crashing on the beach.
Slept each night with the French doors open listening to the
waves crashing on the beach
The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso...
The proximity to the
is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso...
great service great staff wonderful hotel to stay for your holiday Near the beach, large room, excellent breakfast bufffet daily, bellman helpfull, I love this place Highly recommend when coming Danang city
great service great staff wonderful hotel to stay for your holiday Near the
, large room, excellent breakfast bufffet daily, bellman helpfull, I love this place Highly recommend when coming Danang city
Good service, staff are kind and friendly There is one staff name is” kim anh “can speak thai she’s friendly I stayed with family and got room upgrade can see beach view so beautiful We are happy .
Good service, staff are kind and friendly There is one staff name is” kim anh “can speak thai she’s friendly I stayed with family and got room upgrade can see
beach view
so beautiful We are happy .
... loved they rented motorbikes very inexpensive per day, the lovely pool was a winner in our book and the fact they have free shuttle service daily to their private Vanessa Beach (just 5 min away) is spectacular!
... loved they rented motorbikes very inexpensive per day, the lovely pool was a winner in our book and the fact they have free shuttle service daily to their private Vanessa
Beach
(just 5 min away) is spectacular!
The resort has a huge pool and access to a private beach.
The resort has a huge pool and access to a
Coffee shops, restaurants, convenience stores all near by and 5 minutes walk to the beach, perfect!
Coffee shops, restaurants, convenience stores all near by and 5 minutes walk to the
, perfect!
Febulous and luxurious golf experience in Da Nang
Febulous and
golf experience in Da Nang
Excellent location near beach where I enjoyed a swim every day and beautifully appointed rooms that are kept spotlessly clean during your stay.
Excellent location near
where I enjoyed a swim every day and beautifully appointed rooms that are kept spotlessly clean during your stay.
Just metres away from the from the beachfront with a beautifully regal lobby and friendly, welcoming staff, this hotel far exceeded expectations.
Just metres away from the from the
beachfront
with a beautifully regal lobby and friendly, welcoming staff, this hotel far exceeded expectations.
We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything Beach great Walk to mini market Pool has great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well stocked We will be back
We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything
Beach great
Walk to mini market Pool has great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well stocked We will be back
Strongly recommend to stay at le Sands coz it’s such a cozy / clean / good service / comfy hotel .. feel comfy and love the beach view room .. I’m definitely wil come back Agains maybe bring my kids - thx to staff...
Strongly recommend to stay at le Sands coz it’s such a cozy / clean / good service / comfy hotel .. feel comfy and love the
beach view room
.. I’m definitely wil come back Agains maybe bring my kids - thx to staff...
Staff were super helpful They helped us book our train and helped us with other transportation Breakfast was really good — lots of choices Had a roof -top pool and gym Located right next to the beach
Staff were super helpful They helped us book our train and helped us with other transportation Breakfast was really good — lots of choices Had a roof -top pool and gym Located right next to the
The room service was perfect and was on time and I love the pool services .. And yeahh the breakfast was pretty good … Love all the freshness nearby the hotel and the best part was the beach - front view whiich is...
The room service was perfect and was on time and I love the pool services .. And yeahh the breakfast was pretty good … Love all the freshness nearby the hotel and the best part was the
beach - front
view whiich is...
Only a 2-minute walk from the sea, the hotel's location is very convenient for you to go to the beach or to local specialty restaurants.
Only a 2-minute walk from the sea, the hotel's location is very convenient for you to go to the
or to local specialty restaurants.
It is very convenient from here as it is just opposite the beach and is near the attractions and shops around.
It is very convenient from here as it is just
opposite the beach
and is near the attractions and shops around.
On the beach Great views Minh Trang was AMAZING Helpful Great location Great massages Penthouse is a MUST for a family Would highly recommend
On the
beach Great
views Minh Trang was AMAZING Helpful Great location Great massages Penthouse is a MUST for a family Would highly recommend
Very nice and clean hotel I chose the ocean view and it was beautiful Make me feel cozy and want to stay Great location very close to the beach and to the city as well The Service was excellent, friendly and helpf...
Very nice and clean hotel I chose the ocean view and it was beautiful Make me feel cozy and want to stay Great location very close to the
and to the city as well The Service was excellent, friendly and helpf...
Brilliant hotel Location perfect…across the road fantastic beach and walk-in distance to many restaurants and shops Staff amazing Lovely pools Rooms kept spotless after service each morning Breakfast each morning...
Brilliant hotel Location perfect…across the road
fantastic beach
and walk-in distance to many restaurants and shops Staff amazing Lovely pools Rooms kept spotless after service each morning Breakfast each morning...
Room is comfortable and has nice ocean view Breakfast is delicious and many choices Staff is very helpful and always greeting Location is near by beach and restaurants Thank you all staff in DLG and will comback
Room is comfortable and has nice ocean view Breakfast is delicious and many choices Staff is very helpful and always greeting Location is near by
and restaurants Thank you all staff in DLG and will comback
Fantastic phenomenal hotel five out of five stars right on the beach with incredible view we were on the 19th floor with breakfast included that was delicious with a variety of fantastic choices!
Fantastic phenomenal hotel five out of five stars right on the
with incredible view we were on the 19th floor with breakfast included that was delicious with a variety of fantastic choices!
Stayed at paris deli for 3 nights, the location is unbeatable and at stone’s throw distance from night market, and the beach The beach view is breathtaking and huong did a wonderful job in making our stay more ple...
Stayed at paris deli for 3 nights, the location is unbeatable and at stone’s throw distance from night market, and the beach The
is breathtaking and huong did a wonderful job in making our stay more ple...
They have amazing Spa service as well.. Hotel is pretty Clean.. Thankyou and will surely Visit Again .. Staff name : Vivian Truc Van Amazing beach Side experience
They have amazing Spa service as well.. Hotel is pretty Clean.. Thankyou and will surely Visit Again .. Staff name : Vivian Truc Van Amazing
Side experience
Everything we need is available in the neighborhood and the beach view is so soothing.. the breeze and the climate is all a whole package.. Overalll we had a great stay here!
Everything we need is available in the neighborhood and the
is so soothing.. the breeze and the climate is all a whole package.. Overalll we had a great stay here!
Very centrally located hotel With good proximity to pristine my khe beach Wonderful service and great staff Loved the stay Nice roof top swimming pool and terrace area with swings and to unwind the day with few dr...
Very centrally located hotel With good proximity to pristine my khe
beach Wonderful
service and great staff Loved the stay Nice roof top swimming pool and terrace area with swings and to unwind the day with few dr...
Just loved the stuff so friendly and kind and helpful would go back all the time so close to the beach the coffee shop across the road was fantastic and the lanterns and markets where unbelievable food was amazing...
Just loved the stuff so friendly and kind and helpful would go back all the time so close to the
the coffee shop across the road was fantastic and the lanterns and markets where unbelievable food was amazing...
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
