Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Van Loc Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
4 reviews
In Can Tho
#34 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The van loc hotel is located in the centre of can tho. The rooms are very nice and clean (only one bad thing, the shower fills the entire bathroom with 1cm of water) and have strong ac. Great quality for the price..."
"We stayed there one night on our way to Phu Quoc. Rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, air-conditioning works well... Another customer, who we guess was drunk, played some very loud music during the night. We..."
Hotel 31
36 reviews
#79 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed 2 nights here for 15$ p.n. double + single bed, not super clean but backpacker clean 😆 We are a family with 2 kids 8+10 years and wanted to get a day trip to the 2 flowting market. Here the location was..."
"Standard hotel for standard price. The hotel owner is a bit pushy about his tours to the floating marked. The tour is not bad, it is pretty standard. But our guide did not speak a word english and we saw other..."
Nha Nghi 1989
0 reviews
Hotel Lam Kieu
Phuong Thang Ct Hotel
Kim Ngan Hotel
Kien An Hostel
Ete18 Hostel
3 reviews
#27 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Standing on the food street, and taking only 5 minutes to the centre off Cantho, you will never miss anything for this place! A very nice room for the hostel type! By the way, they could be check-in early if their..."
"Great hostel, room with balcony, nice decorations, a lot of space, very friendly staff. Located on a side street of De Tham street (also called food street) and nearby a small lake surrounded by bars and..."
Tuyet Linh Hotel
1 review
#59 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Very well located, close to the beach and some restaurants. The room was very big, with a big bed and sunrise view. Friendly staff, but is not so easy to communicate, they try but is like playing pictonary, they do..."
Phuong Rose Homestay
#49 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Rose was a wonderful and caring host. We had a nice big room which was very clean. The Homestay is very quiet but it takes only 5-10min walk to reach different restaurants, shops and a little lake. To get to the..."
Motel Dong Nam
Mai' House
Hung Thinh Hotel
So 99 Motel
330 Guesthouse
Motel Thanh Hang
Amazon 1 Hostel
12 reviews
#25 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The hostel is great. I really love the balcony where you can enjoy drinks and snacks. Close to the Ninh Kieu riverside where you can find all kinds of restaurants and coffee shops, night market. However the water..."
"I stay here 2 nights in a dorm bed. Cannot ask for more for a budget travel, if you just need a place that centered and cheap just to sleep over this could be one choice. I would recommend the bed giving a lightly..."
Latos Homestay
Nam Do Hotel
Ha Phuong Hotel
#80 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Rich Hotel
#81 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"A lot of noise from other people during the whole nights. Also not clean in the bathroom and no cleaning service during our stay. No English speaking skills on the reception. Not able to book Tickets for bus..."
Xuan Mai Hotel III
23 reviews
#50 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stay in the hotel because it was included in a tour to Mekong. The rooms are clean but is very basic. For one night on route is enough but for nothing more. The breakfast was basic too (omelette with bread and..."
"We booked this hotel one day in advance for two nights but we were told after arrival that the owner did not chceck bookings and overbooked the hotel. So there was no room for us on the second night despite..."
Hotel Ngoc Loi
Cali Hotel
#74 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"My friend booked the hotel for us prior to arriving to Can Tho. The front desk service was friendly, although the front desk wanted to hold onto my passport, I said no, told them to take a photocopy instead..."
Ba Xinh Homestay
68 Hotel
Phuc Loc Hostel
Hotel Tan Hung
Le Loc Eco Farmstay
#41 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Thien Son Guest House
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
6
7
8
9
10
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
