Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Bahamas Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Bahamas Cruises - Cruises to Bahamas
Caribbean  Bahamas
Bahamas
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Caribbean  
Caribbean
Bahamas Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Bahamas cruise deals
3 Night Cruise to Bahamas
Ship: Allure of the Seas | Suite
Sailing Date: 4/12/2024
Departs: Port Canaveral (Orlando)
$4,199
$728pp
View Cruise
7 Night Cruise to Bahamas
Ship: Anthem of the Seas | Suite
Sailing Date: 3/31/2024
Departs: Bayonne (Cape Liberty)
$7,475
$1,458pp
Sailing Date: 3/10/2024
$5,735
$1,477pp
4 Night Cruise to Bahamas
Ship: Freedom of the Seas | Balcony
Sailing Date: 4/22/2024
Departs: Miami
$1,742
$467pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Mediterranean
Hawaii
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Canada
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to The Bahamas?
The Bahamas is a collection of islands in the Atlantic, and home to the famous Atlantis Resort on Paradise Island. If you take a cruise from Miami, chances are good you'll end up spending some time here.
The Bahamas is a great option for travelers short on time; three- and four-night sailings are offered by multiple cruise lines for anyone looking for a quick getaway.
Another neat feature of The Bahamas are the private islands scattered throughout; many cruise lines own and operate these slices of paradise as additional stops on a Bahamas cruise.
What are Popular Activities in the Bahamas?
Visitors to The Bahamas can spend a day getting in the water, taking a tour by ATV or doing a little duty-free shopping.
Interacting with the abundant marine life is a popular activity for families in The Bahamas; the Blue Lagoon Dolphin Encounter in Nassau is one of the few dolphin experiences certified by the Humane Society for animal welfare standards. For a more offbeat animal encounter, look into a swimming with pigs (yes, resident pigs) excursion, mainly accessible from private islands Great Stirrup Cay and CocoCay.
Pirates left their mark on The Bahamas, and guided tours and museums go into the history of the golden age of piracy, including notable local legends like Blackbeard and Calico Jack.
For as much as there is to do, many guests also spend the day at a resort or on the beach.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to the Bahamas?
June through October is hurricane season, which means the best time to visit the Bahamas is actually in the winter, though weather is warm year-round. Travel during hurricane season is totally possible, but stay flexible and consider insurance in case stormy conditions arise.
What are Popular Ports in the Bahamas?
Nassau and Freeport are the two main cruise ports in The Bahamas. Nassau is the capital, located on New Providence Island, while Freeport is on Grand Bahama Island.
A number of cruise lines own private islands in the Bahamas, including Disney Cruise Line (Castaway Cay), Royal Caribbean (Perfect Day at CocoCay), Holland America (Half Moon Cay), Princess Cruises (Princess Cays) and Norwegian Cruise Line (Great Stirrup Cay). Here, guests can rent cabanas, careen down waterslides or drink rum punch by the pitcher with nothing more than their cruise card.
Where do Bahamas cruises depart from?
Due to Florida's close proximity to The Bahamas (just 50 miles off the coast), Miami, Fort Lauderdale and Port Canaveral near Orlando are common departure points for a Bahamas cruise -- sometimes Jacksonville.
Baltimore, New York and Norfolk are examples of other East Coast ports that also offer the occasional Bahamas sailing.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Bahamas?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Bahamas. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Bahamas. Last minute cruises deals to Bahamas appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Bahamas in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
