Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
ozgurboz
Istanbul, Türkiye86 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Extraordinary...
Aug 2015 • Couples
It's an extraordinary experience to spend a night in Halong Bay. Must try. We booked rooms from Bai Tho Deluxe Junk and it was satisfying...
Written January 29, 2016
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
aggerfun
Copenhagen, NY13 contributions
Fantastic
this place is awesome but take a private tour so you can get away from everybody else. By exploring on your own you can see the real beauty og the islands and the water in stead of visiting pearl factories and other non nature related things.
Written January 28, 2016
Greengiggle
Battambang, Cambodia58 contributions
Amazing experience
Nov 2015 • Friends
I went as part of a small group tour and the experience was amazing. Once we were there I saw the bay up close in a bamboo boat, you also have the option to do this in a kayak.
We also visited the caves there and you get to go inside and this was good as well. There are quite a few steps at the caves but I don't think they are too strenuous so older people shouldn't have a major issue
This is a great day out.
Written November 24, 2015
Sitterkey
1 contribution
Great cruise holiday booked via Brilliant Halong Cruises
Nov 2015 • Couples
Brilliant Halong Cruises agency helped to book a great cruise for me and my wife. We had a great time on cruise( Aclass Stellar cruise) . Our cabin was new and modern and got a great balcony. The kayak and other activities were included in the trip and we only paid for extra drinks. Worth the trip!
Written November 17, 2015
sianero
Booked our great package through Brilliant Halong Cruises agency's
Nov 2015 • Family
We are family of 4 and we booked a package deal through Brilliant HALONG CRUISES website for stay on boat and in Hanoi. Services were included as promise and we had great time during our time in Halong Bay. Kayaking was the most amazing activity that we did and some other activities on boat as well.
Written November 8, 2015
MarionBurkimsher
Geneva, Switzerland362 contributions
Secret coves, interesting fellow guests
Oct 2015 • Couples
Everything was great about the cruise apart from the weather. We had 3 days of almost no sun, but at least we didn’t have any rain and we missed the nearby typhoon – and so our photos are not so great. But it’s still a very beautiful area. The staff were very helpful and organised, and the drivers from and back to Hanoi were steady and safe, which is quite an achievement considering the crazy traffic. The company had been very good in keeping in touch beforehand, and they phoned our hotel the night before to check that we had arrived and knew about pick-up arrangements. The bed was very comfortable and the meals great. We didn’t enjoy the ‘European evening meal’ as much (because it was too ‘normal’ for us, though no doubt special for the Taiwanese group who had joined us), but we enjoyed the Vietnamese cooking and spring roll cooking lesson. The main highlight of the trip was kayaking through sea caves into secret coves, which were totally tranquil. The other highlight was chatting to interesting, well-travelled fellow passengers. There were only about a dozen of us on our 2-night cruise, so we got to know each other quite well by the end. How to attract friendly, interesting guests on your cruises and avoid demanding, complaining folk? I don’t know… Perhaps emphasise the ‘adventure’ part more than the luxury…? The wifi was intermittent, but this meant that sometimes we had to socialise instead of being glued to our iPhones, tablets and laptops.
Written October 25, 2015
Doug K
Spokane, WA4,526 contributions
Well worth it, but do 2-nite tour
Oct 2015
Amazing plce, even if we didn't have perfect weather. Absolutely pay the extra in time and money for the 3-day tour. Day one you don't leave harbour until 1 pm, then cruise 1+ hour to the amazing cave. Nice if you like caves but you have paid for it in the tour already. Then back to boat and off to titop. 437 steps to view point (more than 40-story bldg) so be prepared as it is stepp and steps narrow in places. Or, just hang on the beach and wait for others to come down from view and join you in the water. Water very warm and nice. Dinner, maybe karaoke (they love it here). Kayak next morning, then back to harbour if one night trip. 2-night is more relaxed with kayak and beach next day and time to just read, lay on deck. Food on my trip was wonderful, seafood, many veggies and a little meat. Great presentation. 3-rd day is kayak in morning, then head back to harbour. Book at least 3 star boat, mine was 4-star (orienal seas)
Written October 18, 2015
psomers
Wexford42 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Select your Guide company with care
Nov 2014
DO NOT give your passport to anyone, you can give them a photocopy, but when you hand over the passport you can be held at ransom, we were unless we paid to get them back. IF we had of had the passports, we would quite easily of jumped off the junk boat, left our belonging behind and bought new once back on land. The only endearing thing about Halong Bay is the view, but that is short lived when having to deal with the lack of service, dirty and violence. I normally love everywhere BUT seriously something is wrong with these people.
Written October 14, 2015
RoverTreks
Thailand1,612 contributions
Fabulous. A must see destination.
Nov 2014 • Couples
Highly recommended.

This is one of those "must see" destinations in Vietnam. It's about a 3 hour drive from Hanoi, not because of the distance, but because of the speed zones and the hidden traffic cameras that most Vietnamese drivers know about.
Most visitors travel to Halong Bay by signing up for a cruise tour line either online (before arrival) or via contact with a tour agency or travel representatives at a hotel. You get what you pay for: a 5-star cruise line costs a lot more, but offers better, bigger rooms, less crowded tour boats, and more expansive routes throughout Halong Bay. I don't recommend anything less than a 4-star cruise line. My wife and I saw the 3-star line cruisers and are glad we didn't take them.
Halong Bay adventures via these cruise boat lines include kayaking, hiking, swimming, fishing, cave exploration, visits to national parks, floating villages and more. Go before the Government relocates all floating village residents to the mainland!
The pictures tell some of this story ... below.
Written October 11, 2015
Diana Z
Dubai, United Arab Emirates96 contributions
Nature's beauty
Sep 2015 • Friends
The place is worth visiting. Many companies offer daily, overnight or 3 days tours with possibility to sleep on a boat or island. My friends and I chose a 2 day one night tour with the boat stay. The place is amazing but the company that organized the tour was not good at all. It is called Golden river and this is why it is bad: the food was not enough and if you ask extra, max you get is plain rice. If you want a snack you cannot get it, my friend begged for a toast and she never got it. My other friend wanted some leftover tea from the breakfast and the staff tried to charge her for this. I had the worst experience there. The entire night was impossible to sleep because the rats were running all over the roof and when i finally slept i woke up to discover my whole body is covered in bed bug bites and one of the bites was on my eyelid and i have allergic reactions to insect bites and i looked horrible. i couldn't open my eye and the staff didn't even have a first aid kid on board. In conclusion, Hanlong bay - YES! but carefully chose the boat. We paid 80 dollars but they start from 120 and negotiate it to 80, which is the real price. But ask all these questions about food and safety and hygiene.
Written September 29, 2015
1
…
47
48
49
Showing results 471-480 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Istanbul, Türkiye
86 contributions
transparency report
Copenhagen, NY
13 contributions
Battambang, Cambodia
58 contributions
Geneva, Switzerland
362 contributions
Spokane, WA
4,526 contributions
Wexford
42 contributions
Thailand
1,612 contributions
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
96 contributions
