Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Castaway Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Castaway Island
View map
Hotels near Castaway Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Ha Long Bay, Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Castaway Island
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
791 of 1,927 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Castaway Island

61. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
71 reviews
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Castaway Island
#61 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...”
62. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#62 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...”
63. Marina Hotel
8 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street | 05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#63 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...”
64. Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam, Halong Bay 201310, Vietnam
#64 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…”
65. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
1.2 miles from Castaway Island
#65 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
66. Galaxy Halong Hotel
15 Tien Ong Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#66 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
67. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
1 review
62 Anh Dao T_ 8 | Khu 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#67 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...”
68. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong | Cai Dam, Halong Bay 0333, Vietnam
#68 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...”
69. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#69 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.”
70. Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
3 reviews
290 Vuon Dao, Ha Long, Vietnam
#70 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...”
71. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
1.4 miles from Castaway Island
#71 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...”
Visit hotel website
72. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 80175, Vietnam
#72 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...”
73. Vincent Halong Hotel
5 reviews
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long | Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#73 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...”
74. Bao Han Hotel
Phan Boi Chau, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#74 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…”
75. Ngoc Lan Hotel
2 reviews
94 Cai Lan, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#75 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...”
76. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
Dong Hung Thang Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#76 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…”
77. The Marine Hotel
LV3-23, Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
#77 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…”
78. White Crown Hotel
10 reviews
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Castaway Island
#78 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...”
79. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
46 Ha Long, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#79 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
80. Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
To 5, Khu 9, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#80 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
81. D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#81 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…”
82. Ha Long 3 Hotel
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#82 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
83. SeaStar Hotel
Phan Chu Trinh Street | Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 13820, Vietnam
#83 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...”
84. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Residence
HH03 Ha Long Marina Central Peninsula, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
1.5 miles from Castaway Island
#84 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is very new and clean. Staff have been very friendly during our stay - offering to let us check in early as we had just got back from an overnight cruise and came in around 11am even though standard…”
85. Kenny Hotel
13, Block 8, Cai Dam, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#85 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…”
86. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Castaway Island
#86 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
87. Marina Hotel
D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t | 05 QL20, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#87 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
88. Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
Hai Quan Crossroads | Vuon Dao - Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...”
89. Prosperity Hotel
79 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#89 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...”
90. Dai Thanh Hotel
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang, Ha Long, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…”
Previous
Next
123456…
Castaway Island
791 of 1,927 properties
Clear all filters
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St
Halong Bay 200000,
This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
This four star hotel, is part of one of the
larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on,
with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay
Ha Long 01119,
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice
The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam
Halong Bay 201310,
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa
before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
15 Tien Ong Street
Bai Chay Ward
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
62 Anh Dao T_ 8
Khu 2
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033,
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and
helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong
Cai Dam
Halong Bay 0333,
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is
to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
Hoang Quoc Viet Road
Bai Chay
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago.
Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
290 Vuon Dao
Ha Long,
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is
spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard
Halong Bay 20000,
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was
seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2
Halong Bay 80175,
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of
the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long
Phường Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 200000,
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff
was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
Phan Boi Chau
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel
is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
94 Cai Lan
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel
staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
Dong Hung Thang Road
Halong Bay,
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like
that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
LV3-23, Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 20000,
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and
comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience
the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
46 Ha Long
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
To 5, Khu 9
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months
ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Phan Chu Trinh Street
Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 13820,
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in
amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
HH03 Ha Long Marina Central Peninsula
The hotel is very new and clean. Staff have been very friendly during our stay - offering to let us check in early as we had just got back from an overnight cruise and came in around 11am even though standard…
The hotel is very new and clean. Staff have been
very friendly during our stay - offering to let us check in early as we had just got back from an overnight cruise and came in around 11am even though standard…
13, Block 8, Cai Dam
This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
This hotel is not so far with night market. The
problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
05 QL20
Hai Quan Crossroads
Vuon Dao - Bai Chay
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of
a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
79 Ha Long
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and
already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang
Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
Found it well out of the way for Halong
trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
