Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDowntown Da Nang Hotels
THE 10 BEST Da Nang City Center Hotels
Downtown Da Nang Hotels
Stay central to all the city's top sites and attractions.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
38 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
City Center
All Inclusive
1. Brilliant Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,277 reviews
#1 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"The hotel have a city center loacation, i can walk from here come to han market and traditional caffe... thank for Mr. KIM from customer care staff, he is so helpful give me many rececommend."
"The hotel is located near Han river, Han market, and other downtown restaurants."
2023
2. Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
#2 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"After looking in the internet for a good hotel near city center, Vanda came up as the best choice."
"The services are fantastic and friendly, specially at dinning area , Luu, Linh and Thuong provided outstanding services, overall it was a good place to stay, location was in the city centre , you can see the Drago..."
Visit hotel website
3. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
#3 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"It has a perfect location that near city center and we can go anywhere easily."
"The location was quite close to city center which is very convenient if you like going out exploring the city."
4. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,961 reviews
#4 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"It is a 10-minute walk to the city center, right across the road from the boats that cruise the Han River and a 45-minute walk to the beach."
"I am really satisfied with this place, despite the fact that the room size is quite small, the view is superb, and it's located in the city center, which is very convenient for traveling."
Top Rated
Best Seller
5. Muong Thanh Grand Da Nang Hotel
1,182 reviews
#5 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"As well as the place are strategic because in the middle of town which convenient to walk around"
"I have visited here with my husband. The hotel that I chose was the best choice. The hotel has a nice view to see the dragon bridge and gorgeous lobby. Also, there are many kind people who help me when I stay here..."
6. Grand Mercure Danang
2,857 reviews
#6 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"... face to Goldden Dragon bridge , the staff here is very friendly and helpful especially staff in Dim Sum restaurant ;they so kind and good service..This hotel is very quite , far way from city center .We love it"
"It is located on an island away from the main street so you get some peace and quiet and nice view of the waterfront."
7. Hadana Boutique Hotel
1,945 reviews
#7 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"the hotel is well located, we went to city center by a walk."
"The hotel is close to the beach, city downtown and also near the main shopping mall in Danang."
8. Sanouva Danang Hotel
2,015 reviews
#8 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and..."
9. Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
#9 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking..."
"This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t..."
10. FIVITEL King Hotel
962 reviews
#10 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"I enjoyed my stay here. Lucy and everyone was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast had many options, nice steamed vegetables salad, chicken and beef..."
11. Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
#11 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good..."
12. Luxtery Hotel
183 reviews
#12 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Great hotel, close to the city center, sea and other shopping facilities."
"Great location, near the beach and not far away city center."
13. Samdi Hotel
613 reviews
#13 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"A very nice hotel, responsive staff, especially a girl at the counter named Thu Huyen, very pleasant, responsive, very professionally performing her duties.It helps to solve any question or problem that arises..."
14. Palmier Hotel & Apartment
168 reviews
#14 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Located very close to the Han River Bridge, facing the sea, it is very cool and can see the city from above. The room is decorated in fresh colors but in contrast to the oversized black toilet, the room is quite old..."
"Beautiful memory with my friends here, everyone is so nice. Place near supermarket, bar, restaurant with river view so you can walk and enjoy the city atmosphere. The decoration style is more like home give me a..."
15. Sofia Boutique Hotel Da Nang
1,002 reviews
#15 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Pros: location (easy to the sea, the bridges, downtown and a great vegan restaurant in the street."
"Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd..."
16. Hoang Sa Hotel
156 reviews
#16 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"After over 2 years of lockdown from the notorious Covid pandemic, we came to Da Nang again and staying at this hotel for 5 datys and 4 nights. The hotel has done some renovation, front desk receptionist are..."
17. Sun River Hotel
132 reviews
#17 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"A basic & clean hotel. Front desk staff were very helpful. Overall great location to look around the city. We had a nice view of the Dragon bridge. Pool looked lovely however was a bit cold while we visited. Roof..."
18. Saigontourane Hotel
73 reviews
#18 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Hotel locates near shops own by local moms and pops. Inexpensive and authentic foods. River walks is within distance. Rooms clean, service is perfect. We used hotel transportation to visit Bana. Driver is courteous..."
"This is an amazing place: spacious, beautiful rooms, gorgeous buildings and territory, and very nice, attentive staff. Daily (!) convent history tour and wine tasting is a cherry on top. Loved it here!"
19. Nhat Linh Danang Hotel
63 reviews
#19 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Very nice hotel, definitely worth for the price. Walking distance from the river front, better to get a uk tuk tuk to cross the river and go to the beach, but is possible to walk as I did. Friendly staff, even..."
"Accommodation period: 31 Dec Jan 23 – 1st Jan 23 I stayed at Nhat Linh Hotel for 1 night. Before the date of my arrival, the hotel e-mail me to check on my check-in timing, which I found it thoughtful to check, to..."
20. Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
#20 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are separate..."
21. Sea Phoenix Hotel Danang
33 reviews
#21 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Convenient location to Marble Mountain, golf courses, downtown, Hoi An."
"Booked a sea view room. Compact, well maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here can..."
22. One Opera Danang Hotel
212 reviews
#22 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"I stayed in this hotel for about a week at the ocasion of a scientific conference there and a few extra days. My stay there was very pleasant, the room comfortable and large, the breakfast abundant and in a nice and..."
23. Dai A hotel
298 reviews
#23 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"right in the center of danang, short walk from the riverfront and in the vicinity of good eateries/restaurants. very friendly staff. good wifi. i had a quiet room out the back of the hotel with cathedral views. good..."
"We stayed here for 3 nights in Da Nang with no regrets. Dai A Hotel is just great value-for-money-wise. Spacious rooms with city view and almost everything is just around the corner. The rooms are clean and..."
24. Moonlight Hotel Da Nang
81 reviews
#24 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Excellent service and hotel. Highly recommended, best hotel that we stayed in Da Nang in. Well located. Try to get a higher room for a better view. Breakfast buffet is Awesome too. Staff is very friendly."
"Very pleasant and comfortable hotel. In a good location for shops bars and restaurants. Only 10 minutes walk to the waterfront where the river is with great views of the Dragon Bridge, and where more Western styled..."
25. Princess Hotel
#25 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"We had very low expectations upon arrival to this hotel as it appeared very standard compared other hotels we've seen. To our surprise, the hotel met all of our needs. The room had a much needed AC, free wifi..."
"We stayed at the Princess Hotel for about 10 days and were very pleased with everything. The staff is genuinely kind and helpful. It is conveniently located to the beach and convenience stores. Good size..."
26. SenRiver Hotel
284 reviews
#26 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"My wife, daughter and I stayed at the SenRiver for 10 nights. The charming Hannah on reception made quick work of our check-in. The rooms where up on the 17th floor and were excellent. I have seen several reviews..."
27. Stay Hotel
102 reviews
#27 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Nice hotel close to everything, good value with large comfortable rooms,good breakfast options to suit most and good value for money.We stayed for 7 days as part of a golfing group and was close to golf courses we..."
"Spent 4 days here and over all a good hotel .Wifi was bad but they fixed problem quickly. Is a little bit out of the center so with 2 small kids it was to far to walk. staff were helpful and breakfast was quite good..."
28. Pacific Hotel
100 reviews
#28 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"Hotel is only less 5km from Da Nang Airport. With Average Facilities, with helpful staff to make your stay enjoyable in Da Nang. Breakfast has a wide range of varieties in terms of selections for empty stomachs to..."
"If you want to find a cheap hotel right on the center in Dannang city, it would be the good choice. Location is very good, in the center and closed to almost famous sightseeings. Breakfast included but almost is..."
29. Da Nang Riverside Hotel
151 reviews
#29 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"If you wish to have a view of the dragon bridge - you will need to request the rooms that face the bridge. The hotel is close to the night market and other amenities. Although the view from our room was..."
30. Gold Luxury Hotel
40 reviews
#30 Best Value of 38 Downtown Da Nang Hotels
"My Title may seem obvious, but there were issues with this hotel. At first they only gave one room card and said they wouldn't issue a second one. It is hot in Da Nang in July, so the room was really hot when we..."
"We had a great stay here. The rooms are less spacious than the pictures indicate but are roomy compared to Hong Kong. No dressers or drawers. Good size closet. Washroom is large with rain shower and wand shower..."
Downtown Hotels nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Downtown Hotels
Bandar Seri Begawan
Bandar Seri Begawan is a city of two terrains: the stilted water villages that make up some of the city's historic aquatic districts stretch out into the sea, while drier districts spread out over the flatter areas of land. The beaches around the area offer vibrant undersea life, drawing scuba enthusiasts and snorkelers from around the world. Above ground the gold-domed Sultan Omar Ali Saifuddin Mosque dazzles with its intricate marble design and museums provide ample cultural stimulation.
Gangtok
The capital of the state of Sikkim, Gangtok is an attractive tourist destination, reflecting a unique ambience which derives from its happy blend of tradition and modernity. Alongside the deeply felt presence of stupas and monasteries, Gangtok also bustles like any other thriving town. Some of the key places to visit include Rumtek Monastery, Do-Drul Chorten, Enchey Monastery, Tashi View Point and the local bazaar, Lal Bazaar.
Kobe
Famous for its luscious beef and crisp, pure sake, the Japanese port of Kobe is a thriving metropolitan city with an international feel. The sake-brewing season runs from October through April, and that's the best time to take a tour of a kura (the Japanese word for brewery). Visit the Hakutsure Sake Brewery Museum year-round. Naturally, the nightlife here is prime perfection.
Ulaanbaatar
Located in the northern part of the country, high above sea level, Ulan Bator is the coldest capital city in the world. The cultural and business center of Mongolia, and a hub connecting the Trans-Siberian Railway with the Chinese rail system, Ulan Bator has become a thriving urban center in one of the most remote locations in the world. Visit the Tibetan-style Gandan Monastery, one of the few buildings in Ulan Bator to predate WWII and one of the few monasteries to survive the Soviet purge.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Manama
Manama, capital of the island nation of Bahrain, is a major financial center with a thriving economy. A surplus of money has decorated the skyline with glass and steel spires, and plans for the tallest tower in the world. Although Bahrain is an Islamic country, alcohol is legal, and Manama has a thriving nightlife, with clubs and bars popular with visitors from all over the world. The narrow rows of stalls at the Bab el-Bahrain souk are famous for their vast array of perfumes, spices, and gold.
Olongapo
Naga
Bicol Region
Thimphu
Popular Da Nang Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Downtown Hotels information
Downtown Hotels Da Nang
38
Downtown Hotels Prices From
$10
Downtown Hotels Reviews
26,997
Downtown Hotels Photos
23,005
Frequently Asked Questions about downtown hotels
What are the best downtown hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any downtown hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which downtown hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best downtown hotels in Da Nang?
Which downtown hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which downtown hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which downtown hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which downtown hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Which downtown hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any downtown hotels in Da Nang have a swim-up bar?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
38 of 2601
The hotel have a city center loacation, i can walk from here come to han market and traditional caffe... thank for Mr. KIM from customer care staff, he is so helpful give me many rececommend.
The hotel have a
city center
loacation, i can walk from here come to han market and traditional caffe... thank for Mr. KIM from customer care staff, he is so helpful give me many rececommend.
The hotel is located near Han river, Han market, and other downtown restaurants.
The hotel is located near Han river, Han market, and other
downtown restaurants
.
After looking in the internet for a good hotel near city center, Vanda came up as the best choice.
After looking in the internet for a good hotel near
, Vanda came up as the best choice.
The services are fantastic and friendly, specially at dinning area , Luu, Linh and Thuong provided outstanding services, overall it was a good place to stay, location was in the city centre , you can see the Drago...
The services are fantastic and friendly, specially at dinning area , Luu, Linh and Thuong provided outstanding services, overall it was a good place to stay, location was in the
city centre
, you can see the Drago...
It has a perfect location that near city center and we can go anywhere easily.
It has a perfect location that near
and we can go anywhere easily.
The location was quite close to city center which is very convenient if you like going out exploring the city.
The location was quite
close to city center
which is very convenient if you like going out exploring the city.
It is a 10-minute walk to the city center, right across the road from the boats that cruise the Han River and a 45-minute walk to the beach.
It is a 10-
minute walk to the city center
, right across the road from the boats that cruise the Han River and a 45-minute walk to the beach.
I am really satisfied with this place, despite the fact that the room size is quite small, the view is superb, and it's located in the city center, which is very convenient for traveling.
I am really satisfied with this place, despite the fact that the room size is quite small, the view is superb, and it's located in the
, which is very convenient for traveling.
As well as the place are strategic because in the middle of town which convenient to walk around
As well as the place are strategic because in the
middle of town
which convenient to walk around
... face to Goldden Dragon bridge , the staff here is very friendly and helpful especially staff in Dim Sum restaurant ;they so kind and good service..This hotel is very quite , far way from city center .We love it
... face to Goldden Dragon bridge , the staff here is very friendly and helpful especially staff in Dim Sum restaurant ;they so kind and good service..This hotel is very quite , far way from
.We love it
It is located on an island away from the main street so you get some peace and quiet and nice view of the waterfront.
It is located on an island away from
the main street
so you get some peace and quiet and nice view of the waterfront.
the hotel is well located, we went to city center by a walk.
the hotel is well located, we went to
by a walk.
The hotel is close to the beach, city downtown and also near the main shopping mall in Danang.
The hotel is close to the beach,
city downtown
and also near the main shopping mall in Danang.
Great hotel, close to the city center, sea and other shopping facilities.
Great hotel,
close to the city center
, sea and other shopping facilities.
Great location, near the beach and not far away city center.
Great location, near the beach and not far away
Pros: location (easy to the sea, the bridges, downtown and a great vegan restaurant in the street.
Pros: location (easy to the sea, the bridges,
downtown
and a great vegan restaurant in the street.
Convenient location to Marble Mountain, golf courses, downtown, Hoi An.
Convenient location to Marble Mountain, golf courses,
, Hoi An.
