Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
Matches:Soundproof Rooms
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Cat Ba Langur Hostel 2
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
21 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#26 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The room was clean and comfortable. The hostel is quiet and in a quiet location, pretty close to the pier. Not much to say except that it was fine. The common area is quite small though. Nice bathroom."
"Probably one of the best for its price. Initially, there was a mix up in booking. However, they apologised profusely and even offered to lower the prices! Defintely very hospitable people. Location was abit out of..."
Thanh Trung Hotel
15 reviews
#88 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Stayed 3 nights. Price was good as it includes breakfast and for the money it was good value. WiFi was very good. Chap at reception was friendly and spoke some English. Hot shower but shower head not the best, air..."
"We were very happy with our stay. Cheap and nice. It was quiet, clean and the shower was hot. We'll at first was cold, but we asked them to turn on the hot shower. But it is not our first place in Vietnam so it did..."
Cat Ba Sea Star Hotel
6 reviews
#92 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The beds were as hard as the floor. No tv or fridge although advertised. No restaurant. Filthy dirty. Bathroom tiny and disgraceful. Without doubt the worst place we have ever stayed. It is dreadful, absolutely..."
"Overbooked the hotel, despite us booking the day before with availability Moved us across the road (which turned out fine) but they didn’t care they have messed us around Ended up not getting breakfast even though..."
Motel Tay Ho
2 reviews
In Hai Phong
#102 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"It was not very clean (dusty). Used toothbrushes and dirty glasses left in bathroom. Our room had potential to look nice and clean, but little effort was made to do so. We only stayed there because of the proximity..."
"It's good but remember it's a budget accommodation so don't have high expectations. The staff was very kind and gentle. The room silent and quiet so we can sleep well. The air-conditioning is a bit old but still..."
Roxy Hotel
3 reviews
#136 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"terrible this hotel was so dirty. toilet was completely flush with water, toilet brush just lay on the floor. the glasses were so dirty and there was dust everywhere. towels were missing. we pointed out rooms and..."
"This place sucks!! The Road outside makes a lot of noice, the staff doesn’t understand snu english at all!! The room was extremely dirty, the aircondition didn’t work, so we Got another room. This was just as dirty..."
Nam Phong Hotel
1 review
#109 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Not recommend for business trip. No Credit card accept. 10% VAT additional charge if you want official receipt. Toilet has bad smelly. Looks like this is a love hotel where couple meet up for few hours. "
JoyStay
11 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 3 Specialty lodging in Xuan Dam
"We stayed here for two nights in mid-April and had a lovely time. The units are really cute, comfortable and very clean. The food is great and very reasonably priced, and we can't speak highly enough of the owner..."
"We had a lovely short stay. The family are very lovely. The food was delicious. The room was clean and well designed. The photos are accurate. The guests next door were a little loud as there is no sound proof..."
Zen Riverside Hotel & Residences
#60 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Excellent facilities and amenities. You could not find any better options in Hai Phong City with only $45 per night included with: Continental Buffet Breakfast, free access to Gym, Pool, Sauna. The location is a..."
"The hotel is very nice and clean, all room have balcony, washing machine and kitchen. Friendly and professional staffs. Breakfast is delicious and varied, including European, Asian, Korean, Japanese and Chinese as..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsSoundproof Rooms
Sao Mai Hotel
#78 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Very attentive staff. They helped us with everything. The hotel is not spectacular, but perfect price quality. in the center of cat ba. close to all restaurants and shops, and with motorcycles to visit the entire..."
"We ordered “city view” and got nothing. Also the balcony was just a walk by and no chairs or anything. We had no bed sheets and they said they don’t have any. And we got no towels. When we asked for it we got 2..."
Aroma Suites
1.3 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"The location is fantastic, the view from the suite balcony was the best in town. More important Costs helped us with his great hospitality, recommendations and perfect vibes. So to sum it up vacation at Aroma is..."
Cong Khanh
18 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#96 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Great hotel, very comfortable, beautiful view, great location. The staff are enthusiastic and attentive. I also appreciate their support not only in helping me book a boat tour but also in assisting me in planning..."
"We stayed at Cong Khanh Hotel after our trip in Vietnam. The receptionist assisted us in checking in. He provided excellent service and very warm hospitality to us during check-in and throughout our stay. He made us..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Soundproof Rooms
Catba Love Hotel
#53 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main strip..."
Hotel Blue Rose
0 reviews
Hung Ha Hotel
Daiichi Hotel Cát Bà
Hami Hotel
Guest House Ha Doan
Thu Thao Hotel
Top Rated
Best Seller
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
2023
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Catba View Hotel
76 reviews
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
27.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently..."
"Very good hotel. Great value for money and rooms are nice. The tour we booked through the hotel was good and the manager was really helpful. I would definitely recommend this place if you go to cat ba."
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
23.6 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting..."
"Basic, budget friendly hotel in a great location near lots of restaurants, bars and the waterfront. Staff were exceptional in helping us get to Cat Ba, with tour recommendations and anything else we needed for our..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
