Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Boats
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
5 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Boating
1. Azerai Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
144 reviews
#1 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Boats
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
2. Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#2 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Boats
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
3. Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#3 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Boats
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
4. B Home
0 reviews
#4 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Boats
5. Winter Spring Homestay Center
#5 Best Value of 5 Can Tho Hotels with Boats
Popular destinations for Hotels with Boats
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Lagoi
Karangasem
Matara
Shimla District
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsBoating
All Inclusive
Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
25.7 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend..."
"Absolutely beautiful location, stunning gardens and fantastic service. We stayed here for 2 nights on our way through the Mekong. I can honestly say from start to finish the service was outstanding due to the..."
The Island Lodge
607 reviews
40.2 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"It’s a wonderful stylish yet cozy boutique hotel, the service is very good and the people are very friendly and welcoming and supportive. Food was very delicious. And the view over the river and the pool is so..."
Mango Home Riverside
331 reviews
44.6 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Situated 6 kilometres outside Ben tre at the bank of a river. Very good price quality ratio. Plus points of this resort: quite a large terrain: beautiful lush and green. Nice swimming pool and daybeds including sun..."
"A hidden gem of tranquility We loved our stay here, so calming and restful! Just what we needed after HCMC! Excellent service, great food, clean spacious rooms with good beds and a lovely chilled pool area. Wasn’t..."
Ben Tre Riverside Resort
239 reviews
40.3 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Spent a few days and nights here over Christmas. Checked in the day before Christmas and headed straight to the cafe which is right on the river's edge. We booked in for the special Christmas meal which was only..."
"Stayed here as part of a wedding party, which was also held here. The setting is beautiful. River view rooms have an unending parade of various boats on the Mekong. Staff is somewhat formal, but helpful. Food..."
Coco Happy Farm
24 reviews
45.9 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"I had an amazing time ! Thanks to the beauty of the Bentre countryside which I was able to explore by bike which Thuan leaves available for free. But if I was able to enjoy my stay so much it's thanks to Thuan who..."
"This Farm and Homestay is something really special! Far away from all the tourist you live on the coconut farm with the family. They always care about you and show you what they do in their daily life. The farmer..."
Homestay ViVu
45.3 miles from Can Tho
Matches:Boating
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Mekong Rustic Can Tho
152 reviews
In Can Tho
#4 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Had a very nice stay here with my family. We did the two day and one night tour. The guide was great and the tour was fun. The rooms were clean and had great air conditioning. The beds were very firm and the walls..."
Can Tho Ecolodge
124 reviews
#5 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Can Tho Ecolodge lives up to its motto, "comfort, nature, local." This isn't a luxury resort, rather a down to earth place to stay with all the amenities you could possibly need. Being a country girl myself, I felt..."
"It was such a great finding. It's exactly what I was hoping to find to spend a couple of days in Can Tho. The rooms are clean, big and you can see their commitment with sustainability. They heat the water with solar..."
Tu Dung Homestay
#16 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Travelled by bus from Ho Chi Minh City, made the onward connection and then ferried by the homestay’s expert young motorbike riders along narrow tracks alongside the river. Superb! Really friendly, helpful and..."
"We were there for two nights. We arrived from ho chi minh and we stayed in contact with the superfriendly Linh. She organised a shuttle for us, a boattour( only we 2 person on a boat, perfect ambiente! And a super..."
Hometravel Mekong Can Tho Hostel
43 reviews
#6 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Excellent place to stay by Can Tho. A little away from the town so quiet and peaceful yet easy transportation to anywhere you'd like to go. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Our room had a great little balcony..."
"I stayed at Hometravel Mekong for 3 nights and was blown away by the beauty of the Homestay, the loveliness of the accommodation and the awesomeness of the food! It is located a few kilometers from Can Tho and..."
Papaya Homestay Sadec
6 reviews
15.9 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 7 B&Bs / Inns in Sa Dec
"I have stayed at Papaya Homestay in Sadec a couple of times. It's only a couple of hours from Ho Chi Minh city and is peaceful and relaxing retreat, surrounded by lush fruit trees and close to the beautiful Mekong..."
"Stayed here four nights with my brother in a room overlooking the river. Trinh and Marcus were wonderful hosts and guides, with lots of local tips and knowledge. They helped us organise transport, bikes and a boat..."
Cuu Long B Hotel Vinh Long
5 reviews
19.8 miles from Can Tho
#8 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"we just stayed a night in a river view room with Balcony, clean, AC, fridge, cable TV, just across the pier for the ferry to the island, it is also possible to rent pushbikes from the tourist office just across the..."
"I stayed for a month a few years ago while working in the area. Room Service is great, good sized rooms. good price, good management, free breakfast buffet ( across the street ) fast internet and really nice staff."
Mekong Pottery Homestay
30 reviews
20.9 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"Positive: Yennie is the hostess with the moistest! Probably the friendliest and most organised host in all of Viet Nam. Outside each unit is a huge patio that overlooks an enchanting, quirky, garden. Meals are..."
"I only stayed here one night but Yennie made it an unforgettable stay over. My room had a hand painted greeting on a leaf and the door had my name decorated. The outdoor shower was a nature wonderland. The patio was..."
Best Seller
Mekong Rustic Cai Be
40 reviews
#1 of 11 Specialty lodging in Cai Be
"A truly wonderful way to experience the Mekong. The food was amazing, it was so lovely being able to meet and chat with locals and our guide Nhi was so warm and helpful. We had an excellent time and highly..."
"When my itinerary mentioned that I would be greeted with a smile - it ended up being the brightest smile of Ms Nhi - a bubbly bright and cheerful host. This stay with a family in vietnam was the highlight of our..."
Coco Farmstay
16 reviews
38.6 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"The service was very nice, they treated me like their family member. They always smile and greeting me, they also take care me, ask me my feeling of the farmstay, is that comfortable for me or something. Besides..."
"I stayed there only 1 night and I hoped I can stay there longer. It was beautiful farmstay in the Ben Tre province. I had chance to drink so many coconut juice, ate traditional food and did the thing the local do. I..."
Nguyet Que Homestay & Tours
29 reviews
44.0 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"100% recommend this homestay. Ben Tre is an amazing non touristic alternative to the traditional Mekong delta trip. This family run homestay was extremely nice, accommodating and attentive. The rooms were simple but..."
"This homestay is wonderful! The family are welcoming, helpful, kind & accommodating. The rooms are spotlessly clean, comfortable, spacious & well equipped, most overlooking the beautiful garden. Years of love & hard..."
Rang Dong Hotel
28 reviews
44.1 miles from Can Tho
#9 of 25 B&Bs / Inns in My Tho
"Unfortunately, like other reviewers, I have stayed here in the past and been very happy with both the service and the hotel. Now, however, there is room for much improvement. The local government is doing a major..."
"The Hotel is good hotel... but when you arrive It is important which you go inside in the hotel ... You do not speak to the men outside which want to sell you tour or minibus to saigon. They have sold us a..."
Con Phung Homestay
44.9 miles from Can Tho
Cuu Long Hotel
27 reviews
45.0 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 19 Specialty lodging in My Tho
"Great hotel with very hot showers! Stayed at the hotel while volunteering in Tien Giang. The hotel staff was extremely friendly and courteous. The breakfast was delicious. There is a coffee shop on the 8th floor..."
"Cuu Long Hotel, My Tho 81-83 30/4 Street, Ward 1 My Tho, Tien Giang, Viet Nam Tel: +84 (0273) 6 266 666 Email: cuulonghotel@tiengiangtourist.com Date of Stay: 04/09/18 to 04/15/18 Location Not to be..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Boating
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#4 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
551 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
"Great little hotel with lovely suites, although I am unsure what the internal balcony was about. However the staff are really attentive and polite, and as we had skipped breakfast they gave us a box of food to take..."
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#7 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Boats information
Hotels with Boats Can Tho
Hotels with Boats Prices From
$11
Hotels with Boats Reviews
161
Hotels with Boats Photos
592
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with boats
What are the best hotels with boats near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with boats are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with boats in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have free parking?
What are some hotels with boats in Can Tho that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho offer room service?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
5 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
