Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hawaii Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Hawaii Cruises - Cruises to Hawaii
United States  Hawaii (HI)
Hawaii
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
United States  
United States
Hawaii (HI)
Hawaii Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Hawaii cruise deals
18 Night Cruise to Hawaii
Ship: Koningsdam | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 1/28/2025
Departs: San Diego
$3,599
$1,669pp
View Cruise
17 Night Cruise to Hawaii
Sailing Date: 1/11/2025
$3,499
$1,629pp
Sailing Date: 4/5/2025
Departs: Vancouver
$1,729pp
7 Night Cruise to Hawaii
Ship: Pride of America | Outside Cabin
Sailing Date: 11/2/2024
Departs: Honolulu
$3,379
$1,849pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Caribbean
Mediterranean
Bahamas
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Canada
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Hawaii?
Cruises take travelers to four major Hawaiian islands -- the perfect way to see it all without having to coordinate interisland flights and multiple hotel stays. As restaurant prices can be high on the remote islands, a cruise can also be an affordable way to explore since you can eat your meals on the ship. Some ships even offer sailing along the Napali Coast, so you won't have to book your own boat tour in Kauai.
What are Popular Activities in Hawaii?
Beach time and water sports are popular in the islands, with snorkel and kayak trips and surf lessons topping the list. Scenic cruises to see the seasonal whale population or gaze at the gorgeous Napali coastline are more sedate ways to get onto the water. The famous Road to Hana twists and turns to reveal beautiful waterfalls and lush sceneries to tourists with steady stomachs. Caffeine fiends can tour a coffee plantation and taste the local wares.
Hawaii's volcanoes also top the activities list. You can bike down Haleakala on Maui (or take a bus to the summit to see the sun rise or set), wander through lava tubes at Volcanoes National Park on the Big Island, or tour the observatory at the top of Mauna Kea.
A Hawaii cruise lets visitors experience Hawaiian culture as well. Ships stay in port late so passengers can attend a luau, offering a chance to try local culinary favorites and watch a spectacular show with hula and fire dancing. You can also visit places like Pu'uhonua o Honaunau National Historical Park, a refuge in olden times and still a sacred site for Hawaiians.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Hawaii?
You can cruise to Hawaii year-round, thanks to Norwegian Cruise Line's Honolulu-based ship. High season is the winter (late December through April); summer is also popular due to honeymoon season and school breaks. Early fall can see an uptick in cruise ships, as cruise lines route ships to the islands on their way from Alaska to a warmer destination.
The slow travel season between Thanksgiving and Christmas is one of the best times for deals. Summer and fall see the least amount of rain, but seas can be rough in August. If you're looking for whales, January through March are the peak months for sightings.
What are Popular Ports in Hawaii?
Most cruises to Hawaii call on the same limited number of ports: Honolulu on Oahu; Hilo and Kona on Hawaii (the Big Island); Kahului Harbor or Lahaina on Maui; and Nawiliwili Harbor on Kauai.
Small-ship cruise line UnCruise sets sail for smaller harbors, such as Molokai, Lanai and Olowalu in West Maui.
Where do Hawaii cruises depart from?
Honolulu is the main departure port in the islands. Norwegian Cruise Line sails roundtrip from that port, but most big ships sailing to Hawaii depart from mainland North American ports, including Los Angeles, San Diego, San Francisco, Seattle and Vancouver, sailing one-way to Honolulu. Smaller ships can depart from Molokai and Kailua-Kona.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Hawaii?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Hawaii. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Hawaii. Last minute cruises deals to Hawaii appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Hawaii in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
