Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Smoke as you wish—the ultimate convenience for stay-in days.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Smoking rooms available
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
13 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
2. Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#2 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
3. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#3 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
4. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#4 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
5. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#5 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
6. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#6 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
7. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
#7 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
8. Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#8 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
9. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#9 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
10. Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
#10 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
11. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
6 reviews
#11 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
12. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#12 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
13. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#13 Best Value of 13 Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Baguio
Baguio, perched high in the Cordillera Central Mountains, is a great place to escape the heat of the Philippine lowlands. Camp John Hay, originally built as a recreation area for U.S. soldiers, now is a full-fledged resort complete with a world-class golf course. Definitely stop at the city market, where you can buy almost anything (just be prepared to haggle).
Kolkata (Calcutta)
This former British colonial stronghold boasts evidence of over two millennia of habitation, with ornate, architecturally diverse buildings, ranging from crumbing ruins to Victorian treasures. Home to lively festivals and a vibrant artistic community, clamorous markets and packed temples, this city is crowded and polluted, but ultimately invigorating.
Nagoya
Commerce keeps Nagoya’s downtown popping with life, but there’s more than just manufacturing to this industrial powerhouse. Nagoyans meet for plates of crisp-friend miso katsu; make weekend trips to nearby Shinto shrines; and count down the days to the city’s autumn Nagoya Festival.
Kuta
Kuta boasts the best beaches in Bali, a five-mile stretch of clean sand that is a magnet for surfers and sunbathers. When that golden sun goes down, the animals come out—the party animals, that is. Kuta nightlife is almost frantic, as global tourists bounce from restaurant to nightclub in an effort to soak up the Kuta experience like a well-dressed sponge.
Tel Aviv
A youthful, modern metropolis with a diverse population, Tel Aviv dates back only to 1909. Clubs, bars, a thriving arts community, gay life and beaches attract artists, musicians and young professionals to Tel Aviv's more secular scene. Its UNESCO-designated Bauhaus architecture has won the city the moniker "The White City." Walk, drive or catch cabs between the cultural exhibition pavilions of Haaretz Museum, historic Independence Hall Museum, bustling Carmel Market and Old Jaffa's boardwalk.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Pasay
Narita
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Smoking rooms availableHotels & Motels
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
"Despite the hotel overbooking for our 2 bedroom apartment, we were offered a suite with adjoining room as an alternative which was quite acceptable to us as it included club room access. Upon arrival they wanted..."
Level Hotel
19 reviews
23.3 miles from Halong Bay
#105 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel represents quite good value but the Room is just sufficient for my needs. Interior is starting to age and the bathroom is really small. Specified non smoking room but first room was stank of stale smoke..."
"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights because the workshop I attended was held there. I had a suite, and the room was spacious and the bathroom had a bathtub. But the floor was not wood/tile, but carpet with a lot of..."
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
3 reviews
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
24.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
"Awarded Tripadvisor Travelers' Choice Best of the Best 2023 1. Feature: The property is located in the Vinhomes Imperia Metropolitan Area, near to local shopping mall and Cat Bi International Airport (6 miles..."
Visit hotel website
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
"I stayed here for one night with my friends, price of room is not cheaper than other 5 star resort. However, service was unbelievable, from reception to restaurant I would say for 3 star only. The way they talk and..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
12.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Hai Yen Luxury Hotel
8 reviews
15.8 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 11 hotels in Cam Pha
"I have stayed on a number of occasions whilst working nearby. Staff are always very friendly. The rooms are of reasonable size and fairly clean. The hotel does not seem very busy. I do not think the restaurant..."
"The room is spacious but very smelly, like noone stays for long. Breakfast is quite nice with lots of local food with many items of choices. Over 30km far from Halong Bay center, just suitable for those..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
26.3 miles from Halong Bay
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
#26 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
Do Son Resort
9 reviews
24.7 miles from Halong Bay
#111 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and..."
"Vast area with big swimming pool. Refreshing to have morning walk / jog around the green surroundings. Service a bit slow if you are in a hurry. Room - no special décor but simple and pleasant. Can try your luck in..."
Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
16.2 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
Green Co To Hotel
46.8 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Dao Co To
"My boyfriend and me who have had good adventure in there. Receptionist have open and friendly, truly local people. They have showed for us everywhere we could go and discover by ourself. Besides, we had enjoyed many..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
13
Hotels Prices From
$24
Hotels Reviews
2,605
Hotels Photos
2,699
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with smoking rooms
What are the best hotels with smoking rooms near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay with a 4 star rating?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
13 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
