Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels on the River
THE 10 BEST Hotels on the River in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels on the River
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
10 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
River View
Top Rated
2023
1. Sheraton Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
993 reviews
#1 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Best Seller
2. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#2 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
3. Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,991 reviews
#3 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
4. West Hotel
522 reviews
#4 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
5. Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#5 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
6. Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
7. Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#7 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
8. Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#8 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
9. Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#9 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
10. Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#10 Best Value of 10 Can Tho Hotels on the River
"We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a rate..."
"Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank..."
Popular destinations for Hotels on the River
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Kanchanaburi
Kanchanaburi, capital of Kanchanaburi Province, is home to the Burma Railway (aka "Death Railway") bridge built by Allied POWs during WWII and immortalized in Bridge Over the River Kwai. A memorial and two museums commemorate those who died in the effort, and a yearly carnival includes a pyrotechnic recreation of the bridge’s bombing. The wider province offers forests and caves to explore, and beautiful waterfalls.
Melaka
This charming city is a UNESCO world heritage site, with a rich trading history and multicultural heritage. Melaka is a rewarding town to explore and is about two hours from Kuala Lumpur.
Luang Prabang
This UNESCO World Heritage Site is the former capital of Laos, and you'll see everything from golden-roofed temples to vestiges of colonial French architecture here. Buddhist monasteries abound in Luang Prabang, and early every morning, monks process through the streets collecting alms (their food for the day). If you want to watch or participate, though, ask your hotel for a brief etiquette lesson first—you have to distribute the food in a specific manner.
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Varanasi
The north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a center of silk weaving, so practice haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsRiver View
The Island Lodge
607 reviews
40.2 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"It’s a wonderful stylish yet cozy boutique hotel, the service is very good and the people are very friendly and welcoming and supportive. Food was very delicious. And the view over the river and the pool is so..."
All Inclusive
Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
25.7 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend..."
"Absolutely beautiful location, stunning gardens and fantastic service. We stayed here for 2 nights on our way through the Mekong. I can honestly say from start to finish the service was outstanding due to the..."
Mekong Riverside Boutique Resort & Spa
315 reviews
25.4 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what team..."
"This resort is in a great position to look out over the fascinating Mekong River with its constant river traffic. I had difficulty on our first night explaining my gluten intolerance and received a disappointing..."
Mango Home Riverside
331 reviews
44.6 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Situated 6 kilometres outside Ben tre at the bank of a river. Very good price quality ratio. Plus points of this resort: quite a large terrain: beautiful lush and green. Nice swimming pool and daybeds including sun..."
"A hidden gem of tranquility We loved our stay here, so calming and restful! Just what we needed after HCMC! Excellent service, great food, clean spacious rooms with good beds and a lovely chilled pool area. Wasn’t..."
Ben Tre Riverside Resort
239 reviews
40.3 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Spent a few days and nights here over Christmas. Checked in the day before Christmas and headed straight to the cafe which is right on the river's edge. We booked in for the special Christmas meal which was only..."
"Stayed here as part of a wedding party, which was also held here. The setting is beautiful. River view rooms have an unending parade of various boats on the Mekong. Staff is somewhat formal, but helpful. Food..."
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
Viet Uc Hotel
94 reviews
42.2 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Normally I stay at the Ham Luong Hotel when I stay in BenTre, but this time we decided to try the Viet Uc hotel. The hotel itself us quite good, the room was a decent size and clean. The bathroom was clean but a..."
"Really enjoyed our stay at Viet Uc Hotel. The room was very clean, the beds were super comfortable and we had a great view over the river.... and it was walking distance to everything we wanted to do in Ben Tre..."
Matches:River View
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Hung‘s Homestay
231 reviews
In Can Tho
#5 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed here one night as part of a group tour and am glad we did. Once we had settled in to our bungalow... basic but cute and clean... we were given a class on making our own spring rolls, cooked and ate them..."
"We stayed here as part of a Mekong tour, so wasn’t aware of any details prior to booking other than home stay. Was a little disappointed that it’s quite a large ‘homestay’ more like a small hotel! The rooms had the..."
Coco Riverside Lodge
124 reviews
30.0 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"This place was identified for us by our tour operator Audley. We also had a personal guide with us the time we were here. 2 nights 2 days in total. We were busy all the time doing the boat trips run by the hotel..."
"We are here at the moment and it is a gem of a place . Our bungalow is very spacious with a very big terrace overlooking the mighty mekong andchascthe biggest bed I have ever seen ! The food last night was very..."
Kim Lan Hotel
374 reviews
#3 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Went here for a night, was good for that purpose. Good location and friendly service. We asked for twin beds and got it without a problem. There was no window in the regular room which was a bit tough but other than..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsRiver View
Kim Long Hotel
349 reviews
#2 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was my second time staying at Kim Long Hotel. I came back with my family this time because Kim is very friendly, speaks good English, and arranges great private trips. The room was nice and clean with AC."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:River View
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#9 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#20 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
#29 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
549 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#5 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#7 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
10
Hotels Prices From
$23
Hotels Reviews
5,515
Hotels Photos
4,961
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels on the river
What are the best hotels on the river near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels on the river are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels on the river in Can Tho?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are romantic?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
10 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
