Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
17 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Allergy-free Room
2023
1. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
152 reviews
#1 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
2. Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#2 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
3. Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
#3 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
4. Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#4 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
Visit hotel website
5. Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
#5 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
6. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
#6 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
7. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
#7 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from..."
"I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with..."
8. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#8 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
9. Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#9 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
10. The Shine Hotel
1 review
#10 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
11. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
#11 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
12. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
#12 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
13. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
#13 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and the..."
"I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel. The personalized service from the staff, especially their quick response to my request for a workspace, stood out. The spacious and comfortable room..."
14. Novatel Hotel & Apartment
#14 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price..."
15. Roygent Parks Hai Phong
2 reviews
#15 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
16. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
#16 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
17. Khach San Nhat Anh 2
0 reviews
#17 Best Value of 17 Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Mui Ne
Ancient civilization gets a tropical beach twist in Mui Ne, a resort town in southeast Vietnam. Formidable Cham towers seem to keep watch over the visitors who come here for the epic kitesurfing or to frolic along the sand dunes. Candy-colored fishing vessels bob gently in the waters of Mui Ne Harbor, where you can buy steamed seafood that’s literally fresh off the boat.
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Kazan
On the banks of the Volga River, Kazan sits austerely, its cityscape a visual confection of architecture that somehow manages to be both playful and severe. No matter your spiritual inclination, you simply must visit the Temple of All Religions, a Technicolor cultural center built by artist Ildar Khanov. Though still a work in progress, the "temple" is a feast for the eyes—and the spirit.
Adler
Boasting montane surroundings, subtropical beaches, and a major railway terminal, Adler is unsurprisingly one of Russia’s most popular Black Sea resorts. Arguably more affordable than its Olympic neighbor Sochi, Adler’s parks, museums, and churches provide plenty to do beyond sunbathing.
Lindos
You’ll have three beaches to choose from in Lindos: calm Pallas Beach, secluded St. Paul’s Bay, and the main beach, Megali Paralia. Save time to explore the town itself, too. It’s a bit of a hike up to the acropolis, but the view is magnificent.
Marchula
Kozhikode District
Thane District
Yuzawa-machi
Limassol
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Family Resorts
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsAllergy-free Room
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
206 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
Best Seller
Purple Lotus Hotel
62 reviews
24.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"I have stayed in some hotel in Haiduong and found this one was the best . Room cozy, clean and service is good.Staff friendly and professional.The girl from sales apartment was very thoughtful and kind with me when..."
"Good service and quick responsibility. You can request car from hotel to pick up at airport. Breakfast is good - variety of foods Room : clean and big room Staff : high service and 24 hours Location : have..."
The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
26.5 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places..."
"This is the second time i stay at this hotel. The hotel is very new and clean, the staff is friendly. The breakfast is quite delicious, especialy Chicken Pho. I'm very satisfied an will come back next December."
Ha Long Dream Hotel
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated, they're..."
"The hotel is on the hill. It has a large swimming pool with variable depth, including children pool. Rooms are large and clean. Service is fast. Breakfast is good, oferring both Vietnamese and international..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Nin Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
#13 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)"
"everything is great, the room is clean, neat, the staff is enthusiastic and very handsome, the room price is cheap and reasonable including breakfast. There is also a very convenient and reasonable tour to visit the..."
A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
72 reviews
21.9 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool..."
"* Modern and spacious rooms with stunning views of Ha Long Bay * Excellent buffet breakfast with a wide variety of options * Top-notch facilities, including a swimming pool, gym, and sky bar with panoramic views..."
Lake Hills Hotel Halong
23.3 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Lan Tuong Hotel
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#27 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more..."
"Very new, spotless clean, modern room design and nice building and the whole area, just being built. Few cafes around there. Love the architecture of the buildings. Location was perfect, 10-15 min walk to the old..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
24.1 miles from Hai Phong
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
17
Hotels Prices From
$12
Hotels Reviews
591
Hotels Photos
1,560
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with allergy-free rooms
What are the best hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a kitchenette?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
17 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
