Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Frequently asked questions
The basics
What is Reco?
Reco is a personalized travel service with a curated community of expert Trip Designers who craft trips tailor-made to you and your preferences!
How does it work and why should I use Reco?
Start by telling us about your upcoming trip — destination, budget (excluding flights), and travel style. Reco will provide a curated selection of travel professionals.
Meet Reco's expert Trip Designers. They have deep roots in the destinations you want to visit, and will recommend only the best excursions and activities for you to experience!
Contact the pros to hear how they’ll plan your trip. Then hire your favorite Trip Designer for $200 and start planning together.
Unlock special perks and expert guidance to access the most coveted recommendations for a memorable trip! Thanks to their insider knowledge, connections and experience, your Trip Designer will customize, plan and book your trip to get you the most value out of your travel investment.
Questions or unexpected changes? Your Trip Designer has your back from start to finish, so you can travel confidently with ease.
What kinds of trips can I plan?
Reco will help you plan the trip of your dreams! Working with a Trip Designer offers access to unforgettable experiences in domestic and international destinations. Reco starts by understanding your trip preferences, and then connects you with a Trip Designer who will create the perfect itinerary for you, whether for a family, friend, or solo trip, or even a special event!
What do I get for $200?
Your $200 payment to hire a Reco Trip Designer will unlock tremendous insider knowledge and connections that get you the most value for your travels! The fee includes on-platform messaging and phone calls to design your trip, resulting in a personalized travel plan. Your Trip Designer will make recommendations for accommodations, activities, and dining options.
When you book with your Trip Designer, you will receive on-going support not just leading up to your trip, but also throughout your travels. If something unexpected comes up, your Trip Designer will help you adjust your plans accordingly.
Note that flights are not included in the budget for your trip, but that your Trip Designer can recommend flights and sometimes book them for a fee. For non-standard trip design, such as destination weddings for large parties, or extended trips that span a month or more, expect possible added fees for your Trip Designer hire. All other travel expenses including hotel accommodations, car rentals, activity costs, etc. will apply.
How does planning with a Trip Designer benefit me?
As destinations reopen, we want to provide our community with a trusted source to help you get back out there and travel confidently! With Reco’s expert Trip Designers, you and your trip are in the best hands. Trip Designers have deep roots and connections in the places you want to explore, making them clued in to the best perks and experiences, and always up to speed with the latest happenings. They will offer you ongoing support leading up to and during your trip, saving you time and providing peace of mind throughout.
Questions or feedback?
We’re here to support. Let us know how we can help at https://www.helloreco.com/support.
Trip Designers
Matching and communication
Payment, cancellations, and refunds
The Reco platform
Become a Trip Designer
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
https://www.helloreco.com/support
