Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
HK Apartment & Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Hai Phong
Bao Anh Hotel
21 reviews
#138 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Stayed only 01 night for a very short trip to Hai Phong. The bad is hard, aircon not good condition. Bathroom small. Amenity poor, bath towel should be changed a decades ago. Only good thing is centrally located and..."
"The hotel is located pretty conveniently for a stopover on the way to Cat Ba island, in our case. The rooms are basic with not-so comfortable beds. Bathroom is not very practical, and there is a chance of street..."
Hai Au Hotel
Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
#116 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast..."
"Room looked ok but the beds had obviously not been cleaned since the last guests. Felt very dirty. Breakfast was very basic (bread, jam and option for eggs). Did the job for an overnight stay but I wouldn't choose..."
Louis Hotel
Te Amo Hotel
#133 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Cosy Star
Sky Hotel
Khach San Mih Phuong 2
Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
#95 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
Kiara's Home
#50 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Kiara's home is a wonderfully decorated homely space. The rooms are clean and are bigger than most options in Hai Phong. I have enjoyed my stay here a lot and would definitely recommend this accommodation. Thank you..."
Village Peace House
1 review
#72 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"I Highly recommend Village Peace House on Cat Ba island. My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights and we were very happy with our choice. The family is super nice and the food is excellent the pho was the best I’ve had..."
Trung Quan Hotel
Punt Hotel
#87 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the..."
An Tin Hotel
Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#56 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
Do Son Villa - Villa of Bao Dai King
2 reviews
13.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 Specialty lodging in Do Son
"Impressive French architecture Villa situated on top of Vung Hill. Beautiful building and location. Summer Palace of Bao Dai, the last emperor of Vietnam, built in 1928 by French Governor. It is a great Historical..."
"Beautiful location, nice cooling wind and sunshine. :) Beautiful house in old French style. :) They use to powerful lighting in stead of the original lamps. :( Some stuff is not original and are of low quality..."
Le Thanh Hotel
Do Son Villas
#3 of 4 Specialty lodging in Do Son
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general manager..."
Lotus Hotel & Apartment
#84 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Hotel looks new with no sign of ageing anywhere. Only reason for giving it 4 is the room size and sleep comfort. Everything else is ordinary. Pros : Big room size with window Bath tub Next to restaurants Condom is..."
Hami Hotel
Intro Central Hotel
Hoang Kim Hotel
Son Vu Hotel
Level Hotel
19 reviews
#105 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel represents quite good value but the Room is just sufficient for my needs. Interior is starting to age and the bathroom is really small. Specified non smoking room but first room was stank of stale smoke..."
"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights because the workshop I attended was held there. I had a suite, and the room was spacious and the bathroom had a bathtub. But the floor was not wood/tile, but carpet with a lot of..."
The Shine Hotel
#74 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
CPN Serviced Apartment and Hotel
Hai Phong English Homestay
Van Truong Hotel
Dai Duong Hotel
9 reviews
#102 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large..."
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
