Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
View map
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
No 224, Mot thang tu street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+139
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
781 of 1,912 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island

181. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
383 reviews
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 80175, Vietnam
16.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#181 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...”
182. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong | Cai Dam, Halong Bay 0333, Vietnam
#182 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...”
183. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
16.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#183 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
184. Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam, Halong Bay 201310, Vietnam
16.1 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#184 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…”
185. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
No. 47, Lot N8-1 | Cai Dam Urban Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#185 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...”
186. Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
To Hien Thanh | Tran Hung Dao Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#186 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...”
187. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
1 review
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#187 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...”
2023
188. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
8 Halong Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#188 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...”
189. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
88A Vuon Dao, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#189 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...”
190. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#190 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…”
191. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#191 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...”
192. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
62 Anh Dao T_ 8 | Khu 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#192 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...”
193. Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#193 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...”
194. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#194 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.”
195. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#195 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
196. SeaStar Hotel
9 reviews
Phan Chu Trinh Street | Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 13820, Vietnam
#196 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...”
197. Ha Long 3 Hotel
3 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#197 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
198. Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
Loc Vung 1- Duong, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#198 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
199. White Crown Hotel
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#199 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...”
200. Au Lac Resort
2 reviews
151 Le Loi Street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#200 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…”
201. Do Son Resort
Zone 3, Doson District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#201 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...”
202. Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
290 Vuon Dao, Ha Long, Vietnam
16.4 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#202 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...”
203. Ngoc Lan Hotel
94 Cai Lan, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#203 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...”
204. Vuon Dao
5 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
#204 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…”
205. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#205 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. ”
206. Hai Anh VIP Halong Hotel
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#206 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
207. Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
Hai Quan Crossroads | Vuon Dao - Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#207 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...”
208. Tung Luxury Hotel Ha Long
7 reviews
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long, Vietnam
#208 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…”
209. Blue Sky Hotel
20 reviews
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
16.5 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#209 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...”
210. Dai Thanh Hotel
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang, Ha Long, Vietnam
#210 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…”
Previous
Next
1…56789…
Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
781 of 1,912 properties
Clear all filters
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 80175,
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of
the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong
Cai Dam
Halong Bay 0333,
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is
to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Halong Bay 200000,
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam
Halong Bay 201310,
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa
before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
No. 47, Lot N8-1
Cai Dam Urban Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was
perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
To Hien Thanh
Tran Hung Dao Ward
Ha Long 200000,
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves
as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 02033,
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night
stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from
our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
88A Vuon Dao
Halong Bay,
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be
any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay
in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Hau Can Road
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you
really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
62 Anh Dao T_ 8
Khu 2
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033,
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and
helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
10 Ha Long Road
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour
from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000,
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean.
Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Phan Chu Trinh Street
Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 13820,
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in
amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Loc Vung 1- Duong
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience
the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
151 Le Loi Street
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
We stayed here one night before cruising Halong
Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had…
Zone 3, Doson District
Hai Phong,
The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...
The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2
hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and...
290 Vuon Dao
Ha Long,
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is
spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
94 Cai Lan
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel
staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay
Halong Bay 8433,
there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
there is not much to say about. we had cold
shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The
property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay
Hai Quan Crossroads
Vuon Dao - Bai Chay
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of
a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple)
are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change
the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang
Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
Found it well out of the way for Halong
trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
…
5
6
8
9
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
