Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangDa Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
1,525 reviews
#12 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Speciality Museums
Closed now
7:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
About
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is one of the first museums built in Vietnam by the French. The main building was constructed in 1915. It evokes some motifs of French colonial architecture in the early twentieth century and resembles the image of the Champa temples - towers in Central Viet Nam. 

Visitors will have the opportunity to contemplate more than 400 artifacts on display, including National Treasures and others representing the masterpieces of Champa sculpture in ten centuries (from 5th to 15th). The artifacts were made in a variety of materials, such as sandstone, terracotta, and metal. Grounded in various themes from fertility symbols, deities, mythical animals and architectural decoration from the Hindu and Buddhist, they express the features of cultural and religious values of the Champa people over many generations. 
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is a must-see destination for visitors wishing to discover the culture and heritage of Central Viet Nam.
Read more
Duration: 1-2 hours
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (1,849)
Top ways to experience Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingCultural & Theme ToursDay Trips & ExcursionsTransfers & Ground Transport
Full-day DISCOVER DA NANG MUSEUM, MARBLE MOUNTAIN, SON TRA PENINSULA
1
Full-day Tours
from $83.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
FULL-DAY DA NANG DISCOVERY from HOI AN
2
Explore Da Nang in one day _Private tour
from $120.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Hoi An and Da Nang Shore Excursion from Port
5
from $119.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang Small Group City Tour: Marble Mountain & Lady Buddha from Da Nang
Historical Tours
from $59.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang and Hoi An Full-Day Tour
from $98.72 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Half-Day Da Nang City Sightseeing
Food & Drink
from $59.00 per adult
4-Day Private Central Vietnam Tour from Da Nang: Hue, My Son, Hoi An
from $150.77 per adult
The area
No 2, 2 Thang 9 Street Hái Châu District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
1,606 within 3 miles
Cardi Pizzeria Da Nang
200
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
Red Sky Steakhouse
1,042
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
Xóm Mới Garden Đà Nẵng
75
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
Attractions
92 within 6 miles
Museum of Sa Huynh & Champa Culture
60
36 ftSpeciality Museums
Long An Temple
224 ftReligious Sites
APEC Park
4
233 ftParks
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
WorldGlutton
London, United Kingdom20,860 contributions
Interesting Historical artifacts
Lots of cultural artifacts from the Cham Dynasty and antiques to admire in various exhibition rooms. Our tour guide told us the Sculptures were created from sandstones , terracotta and metal from 5th to 15 Centuries. Museum display various themes of sculptures from fertility symbols , mythical creations to decorative Hindu & Buddhist gods.
Visited March 2023
Written May 6, 2023
MJD013
Sydney, Australia491 contributions
Could be a better viewing experience
A good museum, with written detail in Vietnamese and English. The only drawback is that there is no air-conditioning. Nor have they provided sufficient fans to create a comfortable viewing experience. There was no provision to even get a bottle of cold water.
Visited September 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written September 21, 2023
IsaacG16
Daw Park, Australia114 contributions
Well worth a visit
We spent a couple of hours at the Museum of Cham Sculpture – the Chams are an ethnic minority in Vietnam with a long and interesting history in the region. There were some amazing sculptures on display, with a few dating back to the 3rd century. The audio guide was good. I recommend wandering for a couple of hours.
Visited April 2023
Written December 3, 2023
jimrU2512IP
2 contributions
First day in Da Nang
An unexpected cultural experience, but the best part was having vietnamese school children practice their english on us "Hello, How are you?", "What is your name?". The connections with Hindu India surprised me as well as the size of the collection. Our taxi driver from the airport, adopted us and took us to museums, authentic restaurants and amusement parks. He spoke no english, but with cell phone translation we communicated just fine.
Visited December 2023
Traveled with family
Written January 6, 2024
Damian W
Perth, Australia163 contributions
Great Education
The museum is really well set up. The sculptures are quite Amazing and the audio tour provides you with real insight. I could have spent longer there I was quite captivated by the history. It’s an open air museum and the mosquitoes are as bad as anywhere I experienced in Vietnam. Ensure you load up on the heavy duty mosquito repellant s that you don’t have to stress
Visited January 2024
Traveled with friends
Written January 17, 2024
maritimeexplorer
Nova Scotia, Canada3,968 contributions
Best Museum of Cham Art Anywhere
I have to confess that before coming to Vietnam I had never heard of the Cham people or the Champa Empire that lasted from the 2nd century AD until 1832 when its last remnants were absorbed by its Viet neighbours to the north. The Champa Empire was in almost constant conflict with its neighbours and had to fight off repeated invasions from the Viets to the north, the Khmers to the west and the Javanese to the south, not to mention the Mongols a couple of times. Eventually it all became too much and by the 14th century the empire was in irreversible decline and Champa became one of the greatest empires no one has ever heard of. Today there are less than 100,000 people in Vietnam who can still speak the language. The museum was designed and built by the French in 1915 to house a collection of Cham artifacts that had been collected by French archaeologists almost from the time they arrived in Vietnam. The collection of over 300 sandstone and terra cotta works is the largest in the world, housed in ten galleries, each one containing finds from a separate Cham site. The first thing you will notice is that almost all the sculptures depict various Hindu gods and demi-gods, even though Vietnam is thousands of miles rom India. There is also one gallery with Buddhist motifs. Even while Chinawas dominating the north of the country for over a thousand years, in the centre and south the influence was coming from India. I have included quite a few photos of the best pieces including the world's best example of a Gajasimha, a mythical beast that was half elephant and half lion. There's also a frieze showing polo players, just about the last thing I thought I would see in Vietnam. Located just off the Dragon bridge this museum is a must visit in Da Nang.
Written February 1, 2024
mzzyap
2,571 contributions
Fascinating
We took our time going through these exhibits. Good thing we finished before the school field trips and noisy tour groups came. Dear Management, please instruct the teachers NOT to blow their whistle to call the attention of the high school kids. After all, this is a Museum.
Visited February 2024
Written March 2, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
my son
hindu gods
ancient culture
beautiful sculptures
worth a visit
the dragon
artifacts
collection
civilization
century
sandstone
centuries
era
vietnam
ruins
archaeological
dynasty
heritage
bridge
4.0
Excellent
476
Very good
587
Average
351
Poor
87
Terrible
24
Jeanette O
Brisbane, Australia70 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Some interesting pieces
Jan 2017 • Friends
This museum is very small, but the sculptures are interesting and contains a lot of history. It is a shame the grounds are in such a mess, all they need is a good mow and the gardens tended to and this would be a much more delightful place to visit
Written January 12, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Nick E
Heswall, UK277 contributions
Indochina Tour
Nov 2016 • Couples
A very interesting collection of artefacts but rather randomly displayed. A guide is essential to understand the significance of much of the exhibits. Children would not enjoy this experience as there are no interactive displays.
Written November 14, 2016
Ruthh58
Adelaide, Australia30 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Small, but interesting museum
Oct 2016 • Couples
This was well laid out, and had useful information sheets in every room. Well worth visiting, with beautiful sculptures showing all sorts of influences
Written October 25, 2016
SureshkDelhi
Delhi245 contributions
The museum of Cham sculptures
Aug 2016 • Couples
The museum is located on the banks of the Han River in Da Nang. It has on display the sculptures collected from various Cham sites eg. My Son,Tra Kieu, Dong Duong and several other sites. The sculptures depict Hindu Gods and some of them are still in fine shape. Its a place visited by many tourists.
Written August 21, 2016
stuartml2015
Aylesbury, UK40 contributions
Interesting museum
Not the biggest museum in the world but only 40 k dong. Interesting and amusing exhibition of Chan statues. Insight into imaginative history and a nice little coffee shop - what's not to like?
Written August 10, 2016
Bkk10110
10 contributions
Small museum but with excellent exhibits
Jul 2016 • Couples
A wonderful collection of artifacts, some truly beautiful, from an often overlooked civilization. If you like Southeast Asian works of art, you will enjoy and appreciate the exhibit. It shows clear influences from Khmer and Javanese art, while at the same time being different and unique. In my neophyte view, more graceful and playful than either.
There are 4 main exhibit rooms/areas covering the 4 main sites/periods of Cham civilization. Think it is best to go (somewhat) chronologically from the MS, DD, TK and TM sites. (These are abbreviations for the real name of the sites which I would probably misspell. If you go, you will understand.)
Don't understand at all why there are a fair number of negative reviews of the museum on trip advisor. Yes it is small. Yes it can get warm. But again if you like this kind of thing it is well worth putting up with these minor inconveniences. And if you don't, then not worth going anyway to begin with.
Audio guides are well worth the 1 USD. Takes just about an hour for the whole thing.
Most annoying thing about the museum? Visitors taking photos of themselves with their hands and arms on the exhibits. Don't understand what part of "DO NOT TOUCH" these people do not understand. One kid was about to literally sit (!) on an exhibit for a photo before I played Grumpy Scrooge and shooed her away.
Sobering too. You see the whole rise and fall of a civilization that once flourished for about 7 odd centuries. Highlights of what they left behind now only fill a few rooms in a small museum. From what I heard, there are supposed to be only around 15,000 Cham left in Vietnam nowadays.
Written July 20, 2016
Pulkita
Noida, India831 contributions
Indian origins
Feb 2016 • Couples
I'm indian. It was wonderful to find out how much these sculptures resonated indian history culture and mythology. It was exciting to see how art has travelled so far and still all the beliefs were intact. Ofcourse the chams were of Indian origin. I could've spent another hour there easily.
I also enjoyed their display method and the information displays. There were placards and u could carry them around as u walk about the gallery. It explains about several sculptures. When you're done with one gallery you leave the placard back in place for someone else and pick up another placard for the next gallery. That way you are not jamming the walls with info displays. Plus people don't have to huddle around one display to see what's written. You can stand at your own distance and observe for as long as you like without people having to push their way around you to get past. Its got a good collection of the cham sculptures.
Often people don't like/appreciate this museum and I feel it's because of their lack of understanding for Indian mythology and the connection these sculptures have with it.
It was wonderful to have visited statues of Indian God's such as shiva and parvati while in danang.
Parking is available behind the museum. Entrance from the main road/signal/crossroad.
Theres a museum shop which has few collectibles if you'd like.
Written July 5, 2016
JohnnyCap
Paris30 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Facilities needs updating
Jul 2016
This is such an important place for Da Nang in terms of its cultural heritage. I went here and could not stay for longer than a few minutes because of the heat. It is in a building that seems to have poor ventilation and air flow. The place has no air conditioning and the fans dotted around the place don't help at all. Da Nang city or who ever is responsible for this important museum needs to ensure that people are comfortable enough to stay and view the artefacts. The people working at the museum all looked hot and bothered. They weren't very friendly at all but I can understand working under these conditions!
Written July 3, 2016
Jonny M
298 contributions
Impressed with the museum. Go kill an hour or 2
May 2016 • Couples
Have been to a fair few vietnam museums and this is one of a good ones. Is pretty impressive statues dating back years! Entry is about 40k from memory, maybe less and dont need to get the audiobook if you dont need to (is only 20k/hr if you did want tho, could be worthwhile). There are info panels on the walls and info cards in a case you can read which gives you a bit of info..all in English too. Go for it and kill a few hours learning about vietnam at the same time
Written May 9, 2016
LouJohnson
Stafford, UK316 contributions
Interesting museum of antiquities
Jan 2016 • Couples
The contents of this museum are special and provide the basis for an interesting visit of an hour or so. It would have been useful for better interpretation throughout the exhibits as the museum was quite dated in the way it displays its precious artefacts.
Written February 1, 2016
…
8
9
10
Showing results 81-90 of 895
Also popular with travelers
3D Museum Art in Paradise Danang
318
Art Museums
Da Nang Museum
165
Military Museums • History Museums
Da Nang Fine Arts Museum
42
Ho Chi Minh and the Fifth Military Zone Museum
137
Military Museums
Bao Tang Da Nang
28
Tu Hung Stone Arts
16
Art Galleries
The Gioi Tranh Dep
Vietnam Cultural Exchange
Dong Dinh Museum
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Recommended
Tours & Sightseeing
Cultural & Theme Tours
Day Trips & Excursions
Transfers & Ground Transport
$83.00
$120.00
$119.00
$59.00
$98.72
$150.77
0.2 mi
$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
36 ft
224 ft
Religious Sites
233 ft
Parks
London, United Kingdom
20,860 contributions
March 2023
Sydney, Australia
491 contributions
September 2023
as a couple
Daw Park, Australia
114 contributions
April 2023
December 2023
with family
Perth, Australia
163 contributions
January 2024
with friends
Nova Scotia, Canada
3,968 contributions
February 2024
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Brisbane, Australia
70 contributions
transparency report
Heswall, UK
277 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
30 contributions
Delhi
245 contributions
Aylesbury, UK
40 contributions
Noida, India
831 contributions
Paris
Stafford, UK
316 contributions
