Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
THE 5 BEST Hidden Gem Activities in Halong Bay
Best Halong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Sights & Landmarks
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Hidden Gems
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
7 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
Bodies of Water
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
See tours
2. Cua Van Floating Village
289
Neighborhoods • Points of Interest & Landmarks
By orrdin
... enjoyed the rowing tour to see the floating fishing village and the surrounding scenery including a large cave.
Recommended Hidden Gems (501)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
135
Recommended by 99% of travelers
Bus Tours
from $50 per adult
Top 1 Ha Long-Lan Ha Bay Luxury 5 Star Cruises & Balcony Cabin
354
Recommended by 98% of travelers
Luxury Car Tours
from $140 per adult
3. Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
By mintraf
... our 4 kids, from 14 to 7. They made it without major issues (we helped the little ones to climb the first rocks)
2023
4. Emperor Cruises
388
Private Tours • Photography Tours
Open now
By 237darrinm
With the majestic beauty of Halong Bay, Emperor Cruises is the perfect place to experience the best of Viet Nam.
5. The Au Co Cruises
1,267
Boat Tours
By T_L_Norman
... another larger cave, a fish farm and most importantly, the wonderful views of the limestone islands in the Bay.
6. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
7. Indochine Junk
13
Boat Tours • Boat Rentals
By stephenrN1121OP
À too short stay on l ‘Amour 2. But a wonderful stay. Our guide Minh, our Capitan Truong , our Chef Giang, And our...
What travelers are saying
Kade T
6 contributions
0
3 days/2 nights cruise
We joined 3 days / 2 nights cruise to this area. It's less crowded. Very beautiful scenery. Highlight of our trip in Vietnam.
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay
Written February 19, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Stuart Cooper
Puerto Varas, Chile15 contributions
1
Excellent but not what I expected
Did the two day one night trip.Note you start around noon and finish around noon the following day. The boat travels through some of the islands, beautiful, then anchors before picking up anchor the following day to return. Whilst at a chor there are various excursions. Food accommodation and crew excellent what I saw was beautiful. Would do two one day excursions next time. One way or the other I would not miss.
Read more
Review of: Cua Van Floating Village
Written January 8, 2024
Shannon
Suva, Fiji1,034 contributions
Old Lady Blue Door
The mountains officially closed and rightly so unless you're a law breaker than attempt it at your own risk. So the old lady was supposedly the safest way to get up there because she's behind the wall or something. All you need to do is walk through her blue door and her dog will alert her. Don't worry the dogs are harmless and there's more dogs on the roof around five of them. As soon as she saw me she said it cost 500k, after you pay she takes you to the back on the roof. It didn't look that difficult until I had to lift an unstable ladder up the hillside then position it up against a 4 metre cliff. Which she indicated you had to climb over. Once seeing how dangerous it was I told her I wasn't going to do it and gave her 200k for wasting her time as she's quite elderly. Overall a brilliant mountain just a shame it's closed off. Recommend waiting for it to officially reopen and that you should visit other mountains.
Review of: Bai Tho Mountain
Written January 28, 2024
JD1932
31 contributions
EXCEPTIONAL!
Wow we have just disembarked off the Emperor Cruise after the most wonderful 24 hours. What a beautiful boat! The food was absolutely exceptional! The most delicious flavours and beautifully presented. A really charming and comfortable cabin with glorious views in which to sleep and relax in when there was free time. Extremely well organised tours and activities, included a fun spring roll cookery class and an extremely interesting visit to a pearl farm. I also learnt some Vovinam moves on the sun deck!
Lastly to Dat and the rest of the brilliant team that looked after us, thank you so much we loved every minute!
Review of: Emperor Cruises
Written February 6, 2024
Kristina M
3 contributions
Fantastic!
Loved this ship! The rooms are a bit more spacious than normal cruises. Had two double doors to a balcony. The kayaking and caves were amazing! Food and staff are amazing!!
Review of: The Au Co Cruises
Written March 5, 2024
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
3
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
Lambo48
Chichester, UK79 contributions
4
Wonderful private cruise around Bai Tu Long Bay.
We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a 1 cabin boat L’Amour 3 for our 3 day, 2 Night cruise. From start to finish this exceeded all expectations. Minh, our guide, was the most courteous, helpful and interesting person we could have wanted. He managed to be both very attentive but also respectful of our privacy. All the crew were great, but we have to mention the chef. He produced fantastic meals all the way through, including a superb BBQ on the beach. It is worth going for the 2 night cruise as you go to the more remote parts of the bay, and for most of the middle day the only other boats we saw were local people fishing. Kayaking around the beautiful islands was stunning. Highly recommended.
Review of: Indochine Junk
Written March 5, 2020
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hidden Gem Attractions
1.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long
Bay
.
2.
orrdin
... enjoyed the rowing tour to see the floating fishing village and the surrounding scenery including a large
cave
learn more
3.
mintraf
... our 4 kids, from 14 to 7. They made it without major issues (we helped the little ones to climb the first
rocks
)
4.
237darrinm
With the majestic
beauty
of Halong Bay, Emperor Cruises is the perfect place to experience the best of Viet Nam.
5.
T_L_Norman
... another larger cave, a fish farm and most importantly, the wonderful views of the limestone islands in the
6.
MichaelYor
7.
stephenrN1121OP
Puerto Varas, Chile
15 contributions
Suva, Fiji
1,034 contributions
Miami, FL
381 contributions
Chichester, UK
79 contributions
