Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangHoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
230 reviews
#4 of 120 Food & Drink in Da Nang
Cultural ToursBike ToursFood ToursBus ToursDay Trips
Closed now
7:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Write a review
See all photos
About
Traveling with us, you will have chances to see the real Viet nam that some bigger company programs do not allow you. All the corner of the central Viet nam will be introduced to you, so you can have a unique experience of the special places and make it to be memorable
Da Nang, Vietnam
Contact
Awards
Travelers' Choice
2023
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours and Tickets by Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
31
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
- Have a great drive from Hoi An/ Da Nang to Bana hills, have a view of countryside and mountainous area in Da Nang - Experience…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 100% of travelers
from
$41
per adult
Reserve
Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
24
Historical Tours
4 hours
- A 4 hour for lot of beautiful sightseeing in Da Nang city Discover history of temples, caves.. - Listen to history and…
$36
My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
20
4–5 hours
- A private tour will give you more privacy with your prefered staring time, and you can ask any question, our local guide…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
$37
Private Tour/Transfer to Hue Imperial City from Da Nang/ Hoi An
3
With a full day tour from Hoi An/ Da Nang, you will have a chance to + Enjoy beautiful sightseeing drive along the road…
$67
Hoi An countryside biking tour and water buffalo riding experience (4 hour)
26
Bus Tours
- Cycle around the countryside of Hoi An where you can enjoy rice paddy field, river, shrimp farm, cemetary - Understand…
See More Tours
Travelers talk about
“
my son
”
(10 reviews)
mr vu
(2 reviews)
his english is very good
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice guide
basket boat
bana hills
marble mountain
monkey mountain
hoi
history
hue
sanctuary
vo
driver
bike
company
5.0
Excellent
223
Very good
5
Average
1
Poor
Terrible
0
Margaret B
5 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Great awesome tour guide
Apr 2023 • Friends
We had 6 days 5 nights with our awesome guide Vu who explain the history of Danang. We visited places like My Son, Hoi An and my favorite Bana Hill. Vu is such a caring guide that he brought oranges from his home and takes good care of us. Highly recommend this guide Vu.
Written April 14, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Gidon S
23 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Highly recommend to anyone in Hoi an!
Nov 2022 • Couples
The most amazing food tour!
Our guide Vu was amazing and incredibly knowledgeable about the food, culture and history.
He was very patient and took us to all the most scenic spots to take pictures.
Finishing the night in front of the beautifully lit Hoai river with the colorful lanterns made the whole experience.
They were also able to accommodate our tricky dietary restrictions flawlessly.
Written November 20, 2022
Laura B
3 contributions
Great evening of food!!
May 2023 • Couples
amazing food tour with Vu! We got to try 7 dishes in total, including 5 small plates, 1 main course and 1 dessert. We also finished with an amazing iced tea! would highly recommend for an evening of exploring the city’s food! ☺️
Written May 18, 2023
The Ryans Travel on YouTube
San Juan Island, WA12 contributions
Food trek through Hoi An's streets and alleys
Feb 2024 • Couples
Our guide Vu took us on a delicious and informative trek through Hoi An's signature foods. We loved the variety of locations, especially fun was visiting the tiny kitchen of a local family's shop. Some dishes were familiar and some dishes we would never have tried without Vu. We've been on some food tours that left us unbelievably stuffed, but this was just the right amount of food. Most importantly, Vu was an exceptional guide. Relaxed, fun and he offered in depth Vietnamese history. Would be happy to hang out with him all day!
Written February 2, 2024
Kate
16 contributions
Excellent trip and tour guide!
Mar 2020 • Family
Vu is an excellent tour guide. He is knowledgeable, kind, and speaks very good English (for those of us lazy enough to not learn Vietnamese). He helped changed our plans at the last minute too. We arranged our trip through Odynovo A+++
Written March 21, 2020
Kristine CL
24 contributions
Excellent food tour and bike tour in Hoi Ann - Highly Recommend!
Oct 2019
We worked with Indochina Pioneer tours who contracted with this company for our local tour guide in Hoi An. Our guide was excellent, smart and energetic. He walked through the Old Town and give us a nice history of the area. He also took us on a food tour, which was excellent! Each course was at a different restaurant, and we walked throughout the Old Town and ended up right next to Japanese Covered Bridge. We never could have found many of these excellent restaurants – it was truly a local experience. We also took a bike ride in the countryside, which included the basket boats, and a farming village – he was very good at keeping the pace for my husband and I while sharing information about living in Vietnam along the way. I highly recommend this tour company!
Read more
Review of: Hoi an local life, city tour and street food walking night tour (1p.m- 8p.m)
Written February 7, 2020
Mónica B
Ho ian city and countryside bike tour
Jan 2020 • Family
Great tour with a nice host, very kind and helpfull. Easy comunication and organization detailes with Vu!!
Written January 9, 2020
Avi P
Kyiv, Ukraine6 contributions
Outstanding experience in Do Nahg
Sep 2023 • Family
It was true pleasure and very interesting tour through Vietnam culture and Sun World park! The Arms bride is amazing!
Review of: Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
Written September 21, 2023
Mark W
1 contribution
Great tour of Hoi an old town and eateries with Vu .
Sep 2023 • Couples
Vu was a great guide, excellent knowledge of all establishment he took us to and great knowledge of the foods being served. Vu is a credit to the tour industry perfect gentleman and guide.
Review of: Hoi An hidden food evening adventure
Written September 11, 2023
Allan
Singapore, Singapore2 contributions
Danang trip
Aug 2023 • Family
We arrived in DaNang from Hanoi and had a private tour booked for BaNa Hills, marble mountain and within the city. A big Thank You to Vu (our guide) without whom we wouldn’t have had a memorable trip in Danang. Vu is very kind, smart, speaks excellent English and most importantly understands what each one is looking for. He took really good care of our daughter and ensured she had an excellent time at BaNa hills. Vu is also an excellent photographer and a very humble person. If you want to have a fantastic and memorable trip in Danang look no further and ensure Vu is your guide.. keep up the good work buddy!!!
Review of: Private Transfer/tour to Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple
Written August 11, 2023
2
…
Showing results 11-20 of 209
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour - All You Must Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Cultural Tours
Bike Tours
Food Tours
Day Trips
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
San Juan Island, WA
12 contributions
Kyiv, Ukraine
6 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
2 contributions
