Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Summer Wings
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
Homestay Nha Toi
Quoc My Guesthouse
An's House
1 review
#65 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Quang Sang Hotel Can Tho
9 reviews
#24 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Fantastic value for money and really nice staff. The room we had was big and really good value at only $8 a night. The staff at reception are very helpful and a great source of information. The bed was comfy; the..."
"Our bus didn't get us to Can Tho till around 8pm, this was not a problem for the hotel even though check in was 2pm. Very friendly staff, instantly tried to get us to book a trip of the Mekong Delta but we said we..."
Sam Ba Posh Hostel
Karan Homestay - Hostel
CT Morning Hostel
#42 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Thien Ly Hotel
#61 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Casa Inn Hostel & Coffee
Kieu Hanh Hostel
2 reviews
#69 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"During one of the biggest public holiday in Vietnam, I came to Can Tho for the folk cake festival and booked 2 rooms in this hostel on Agoda. When we arrived, the receptionist informed that they didn't keep the..."
Coban Hostel
#38 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Friendly and locally service with a reasonable price for everyone. Strongly recommend to all. Price: $9 per night. That is extremely perfect for those who have not been able to use their little toll of the wallets..."
Riverside Boutique Hotel
An Binh Hotel
26 reviews
#17 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The rooms are clean and the owner is very kind. Her daughter speaks perfectly inglish. We get an excursion with a small boat. It last about 5h, and the breakfast was included. The price for the excursion was 650.000..."
"Considering the amount we paid ($12 a night) I thought we had a great stay in this hotel. We had a large and clean room overlooking the river. We booked a trip through them to visit the floating markets and this was..."
Dzung Villa Home Stay
Phat Dat Hotel
4 reviews
#36 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice hotel (more a guesthouse), our room was very clean and spacious. The bathroom was very clean. WiFi was good, we also had a fridge, TV and window in the room. Paid 250000 dong per night, very cheap for the room..."
"Me and some of friends came to stayed in this hotel 3 days ago. We all comfortable cause the room is clean and quite place even right in the central City and near with the boat dock. Easy to walk to the market and..."
Mekong SILT Ecolodge
56 reviews
#3 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We have had an amazing time staying at the Mekong Silt Eco Lodge. A massive thank you to Tom for taking us out on two occasions and showing us how locals live along the Mekong. The staff here are very friendly and..."
"Great experience and very kind staff. Lovely room, liked the outdoor shower. Pool was nice and food good, lots of variation. We booked through a tour and they were very helpful the whole time, the biking was a..."
Hai Dang Hostel
#45 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice and spacious room with AC for a very affordable price, we paid 370.000 VND for 2 nights in 2 people. Very kind staff willing to help you with everything, I would definitely stay again. :-) Krasny a prostorny..."
Huynh Mai Hostel
Hung‘s Homestay
231 reviews
#5 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed here one night as part of a group tour and am glad we did. Once we had settled in to our bungalow... basic but cute and clean... we were given a class on making our own spring rolls, cooked and ate them..."
"We stayed here as part of a Mekong tour, so wasn’t aware of any details prior to booking other than home stay. Was a little disappointed that it’s quite a large ‘homestay’ more like a small hotel! The rooms had the..."
Nha Nghi Trung Nam
Cat Phuong Hotel
#59 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Modern hotel, good sized rooms, very clean. Price around A$20 per night. Staff very pleasant and helpful. Slightly out of the main city area, about a twenty minute walk but a short cheap taxi..."
Senior Hotel
#66 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed here as accommodations provided by the tour company during my Mekong Delta tour. As a result, I don’t really know the per night pricing of this hotel. It’s rated a 2 star hotel. From the outside it..."
Hai Long Hotel
#61 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Great little hotel with friendly smiling staff but unfortunately they don't speak any English making things a little difficult. Because its located out of town it's necessary to catch a taxi. The taxi ride will cost..."
The Lighthouse
8 reviews
#20 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Bad security and staff attitude. The security threaten and argue our guide which we hired. Shame the service staff could do better but i guess its the hotel company culture, I stay at better hotel in Can Tho before..."
"This is a perfectly located apartment hotel. Our room was beautifully appointed and service was friendly and helpful, especially when they accommodated a request for a late check-out with a very reasonable fee. We..."
Hai Dang Mekong Guesthouse
11 reviews
#31 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed one night in a quadruple room with two adults and two children. Don't think that the cheap price means that there lacks quality. This was a great stay. A marble staircase leads to the room and there is a..."
"Cheap stay with affordable tours to the floating market, noodle factory and other sights with breakfast sandwich included. Not too far of a walk to the centre and food market. Room was clean, wifi good and flat..."
Max Hostel
Landedvibe Shelter
Queen Hotel
#43 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I have been stay there with some of my friend, the hotel is located at the middle of the downtown, you are able to get everything near by with local restaurants, fruits shop, supermarket, and also very near to the..."
"I am at the hotel as I type this and I can say that it is clean, friendly and helpful. In a corner room we have surrounding windows, the bathroom is fresh and the bed is comfortable, though if you are tall you..."
Mekong 69 Hostel - Canh Ben Ninh Kieu
#52 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed at Mekong 69 only for one night. The room was clean and tidy. We arrived late but the hostess was so kind and smiley. The owner was so carrying and gentle, she managed our trip to floating market, and..."
"Host is Ladie, we are very appreciated about her attitude when she talk with us. But we are very disappointed and uncomfortable about the Chubby Guy( we think he is host also ). He is so so impolite and unfriendly..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
12
13
14
15
16
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
