Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best Spa Resorts
Spa Resorts
Nothing beats starting your holiday with a signature spa treatment.
Find your next getaway
Excellence Punta Cana
21,979
Uvero Alto, Caribbean
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
The Venetian Resort
34,537
Las Vegas, United States
Hotel Xcaret Mexico
12,654
Mexico
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
13,194
Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort
19,875
Honolulu, United States
Grand Hyatt Baha Mar
7,464
Caribbean
Paris Las Vegas
38,245
Paradise, United States
Dreams Riviera Cancun Resort & Spa
12,104
Things to know about Spa Resorts
What is a spa resort?
What do you wear to a spa resort?
What do you do at a spa resort?
What kind of amenities can you expect at a spa resort outside of the spa?
What are the best destinations worldwide for spa resorts?
Sponsored Story
From Tripadvisor
7 ultra-luxurious outdoor spas for the ultimate pampering
Indulge in some TLC with a trip to one of these al fresco retreats
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's spa resorts
Popular Islands
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Read more
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Sicily
A visit to Sicily is truly a feast for all senses. The Mediterranean island is a foodie’s paradise, offering rustic fare that makes the most of local bounty. Crispy/creamy arancini – fried balls of rice filled with cheese and sauce – are mouthfuls of heaven. The Sicilian sweet tooth has manifested in some of the world’s finest desserts, like icy granita and sinful cannoli. Give your stomach a quick break and visually devour the Baroque architecture of Catania or the awesome holy monuments of Agrigento.
Kauai
Relaxing and pristine Kauai (the Garden Island) is the least commercially developed of the Hawaiian islands. Waterfalls, scenic drives and more than 60 beaches dot the landscape. Some beaches have great snorkeling, others offer child-friendly tidal pools and some are perfect for all kinds of water sports. Dry-land activities include hiking the Kalalau Trail on the Na Pali coastline, taking a day trip to Waimea Canyon and experiencing life on a sugar plantation at Grove Farm Homestead Museum.
Maui
The Hawaiian island of Maui is a destination for true nature lovers. The ethereal bamboo forest and churning waterfalls in Haleakala National Park can be explored via the Waimoku Falls Trail. Stretch out on warm, golden sands or hit the surf for an unforgettable windsurfing or snorkeling session. Driving the scenic road to Hana along the island’s northeastern shore will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. Time stands still at the Hawaiian village of Keanae, definitely worth a visit.
Hilton Head
Long known as a golfer's paradise, Hilton Head Island is heaven for any type of sports enthusiast. Tennis, volleyball, polo, championship golf on some of the best fairways in the United States - those are just a few athletic options. In fact, the island plays host to many prestigious sporting events throughout the year. All of it surrounded by sunny beaches and lush greenery. In between games or matches, explore Hilton Head's natural wonders. The Sea Pines Forest Preserve offers a close-up look at a swamp without having to get mucky. Raised boardwalks provide a protected path for pedestrians. And don't miss the colorful Harbourtown Lighthouse, the island's icon. Choose from a number of first-class resorts and hotels to experience it all.
Antigua
Antigua has hundreds of beaches, from the bustling Pigeon Point to the kitesurfing paradise of Jabberwock Beach. It's fun to mix it up—a day spent in a secluded cove, another spent people-watching at a tourist magnet. When you’re tired of sun and sand you can shoot ‘em up at Reservoir Range, where archery and air pistols are a fun way to work out any lingering pre-vacation stress. A tour of the Antigua Distillery is a spirited way to experience a true taste of the island.
St Martin / St Maarten
Get the experience of visiting two island colonies in the same 37 square miles. Saint Maarten/Saint Martin's spicy marriage of Caribbean, French and Dutch cultures matches its physical diversity: the island is both urban and untamed, with rain forest-like landscapes, white beaches, and amazing caves and wildlife.
Vancouver Island
Refer to Vancouver Island as Victoria Island and risk a chorus of eye-rolls from the otherwise-friendly locals. Yes, Victoria is the main city on the island, but there are many distinct flavors to its logging and fishing settlements. Food and wine enthusiasts flock to the Comox Valley farm region, while the more outdoorsy types get their fix along the remote, forested beaches of North Vancouver Island. Visit the UNESCO Biosphere Reserve at Clayoquot Sound and you’ll return full of cocktail-party factoids.
Crete
The birthplace of both the king of the Olympian gods and of modern European civilization, Crete is a Mediterranean jewel. It’s rich with archaeological and mythological history that’s reflected in its ancient ruins and cultural attractions. Soak up the charming atmosphere of Chania Town’s Old Venetian Harbor or the fortresses and monasteries of Rethymonon. The awesome Minoan ruins of Malia date to 1900 BC, and majestic Mt. Ida is said to be home to the cave where Zeus was born.
Canary Islands
The sun-drenched Canary Islands lie close to North Africa and have an exotic flavor of their own. Hundreds of volcanoes, rolling sand dunes, rich forests and rugged cliffs dapple these seven Atlantic gems. Catch a ferry to Lanzarote. Ride a camel through volcanic Timanfaya National Park. Take on Tenerife, home of Mount Teide, Spain's tallest peak. Romp Grand Canary's beaches or hike La Gomera's Garajonay National Park. More adventures await on tiny El Hierro, verdant La Palma and peaceful Fuerteventura.
Grenada
Discover Pure Grenada, the Spice of the Caribbean! Famed as the home of spices like nutmeg, the islands of Grenada, Carriacou, and Petite Martinique invite culinary exploration—from tasting tours of three award-winning rum distilleries to sampling exquisite organic chocolate at five chocolate factories. Visitors can also dive into the turquoise waters to discover the world’s first underwater sculpture park, zipline through tropical rain forests, or take in the lush scenery in a dune buggy tour.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Popular States
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
Texas
Texas has great beaches for bird watching, boating, and fishing. Plus golf courses, cowboy and high art culture, and a rich history. Bask on the beach and bird watch between golf games before, during, or after spring break in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Crystal Beach, or South Padre Island. Explore East Texas from Dallas to Tyler, Texarkana, Jefferson, and Nacogdoches. Enjoy golf and big city life in Dallas or Houston. Visit Galveston's coastal Strand. Tour West Texas and Hill Country from San Antonio, New Braunfels, Austin, and Fredericksburg to Amarillo and El Paso.
Pennsylvania
Virginia
Virginia can make American history come alive. Visit Thomas Jefferson’s Monticello, tour Civil War battlefields, explore the living history museum at Williamsburg… the possibilities are endless (if the kids object, break up the historical sightseeing with a visit to Busch Gardens). Arlington, site of Arlington National Cemetery, is just across the Potomac River from all the major sites in D.C. In addition to beaches and historical attractions, Virginia has plenty to offer outdoor enthusiasts. Active families will love the Blue Ridge Highlands, where hiking, canoeing and tubing are just a few of the activities offered. Couples might enjoy a romantic mountain cabin in Virginia after a day of hiking in Shenandoah National Park.
Michigan
Think you need an ocean for a beach? Think again. There are miles and miles of sandy lakefront beaches in Michigan (thanks to the four Great Lakes that border it). The west coast of Michigan has especially nice beaches—try a rental in Muskegon, Grand Haven or Saugatuck. You won’t need a car when visiting Mackinac Island. In fact, they’re not allowed—this lovely Victorian resort town is pedestrian-only.
Washington
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
New Jersey
Whether you are looking for sun-drenched beaches or outdoor activities in beautiful countryside, New Jersey has plenty to offer. Those who love the great outdoors should head for the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, which runs along the Delaware River for forty miles. Here you can go rock climbing, canoeing, kayaking or fishing, or simply admire the stunning waterfalls. There is a huge range of hiking trails to choose from as well as historic sites to visit. In winter, you can enjoy cross-country skiing near Blue Mountain Lakes, and birdwatchers might be lucky enough to catch sight of bald eagles. If you are looking for a change, visit one of New Jersey's eleven lighthouses that are open to public, such as the one in Cape May. For art and history enthusiasts, New Jersey State Museum in Trenton has historic artifacts and American fine art from the nineteenth century to the present day as well as a Planetarium.
Wisconsin
When you think “adventure travel” you probably think of far-flung places like Belize and Alaska—not Wisconsin. But if you’re an outdoor adventurer, you’ll find plenty of places to explore in Wisconsin. A vacation in Wisconsin can put you close to the Kettle Moraine State Forest, which has excellent biking trails. Or choose Wisconsin’s Apostle Islands—kayakers will love exploring Lake Superior’s many caves and shipwrecks.
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
Massachusetts
Maryland
Maryland is known as “America in Miniature” because of its great variations in topography and culture. This makes it a perfect east coat travel destination for those who would like to experience a little bit of everything. From amusement parks, to beaches, to mountains and historical sites, there is plenty to see and do. Each region of Maryland provides its own unique and fun activities to do. If you're headed for some fun in the sun in Ocean City on its eastern coast, be sure not to miss the Ocean City Beach, the Boardwalk, or Trimper's Rides and Amusement Park for an all-ages fun experience. Central Maryland is home to a Six Flags theme park, the Annapolis Golf Club, and countless hubs of art and culture such as the African Art Museum and Annapolis Opera, Inc. Heading to western Maryland? It is perfect for lovers of nature and the outdoors, with the Washington Monument State Park, Wisp Resort ski slopes, and the spectacular Muddy Creek Falls.
Tennessee
Missouri
From the riverboat casinos, breweries and historical neighborhoods in St. Louis and fabulous fountains and barbeque in Kansas City to the “Live Music Show Capital of the World, Branson, to the awesome outdoor lifestyle in the Lake of the Ozarks region, the state offers visitors a seemingly endless line-up of unique vacation experiences. You’re never far from a state park or historic site as there are 85 of them throughout the state. There are 840 miles of trail for hikers, backpackers, bicycle riders, off-road vehicle users and horseback riders. Some of the state’s top attractions include the Gateway Arch and St. Louis Zoo in St. Louis, Cameron Cave in Hannibal, and the American Jazz Museum and Worlds of Fun amusement park in Kansas City. Wine lovers will be pleased to know there are 96 wineries in the state where you can sample wines and take tours. For golfers, the picturesque Lake Ozark region offers play on gems like the Tan-Tar-A Resort Oaks Course and Old Kinderhook. Why not introduce your children to the real world of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn? Visit Hannibal, where your kids can immerse themselves in the world of Mark Twain with a tour of the author’s home, a cruise on the Mississippi River, an exploration excursion of the caves in his books and visits to various historic homes. Other great family-oriented activities throughout the state include hiking the Ozark Trail, splashing at a water park in Branson and visiting the Harry S. Truman home and presidential library in Independence.
Utah
Welcome to “The Greatest Snow on Earth” – Utah’s paradise for all outdoor enthusiasts! As host of the 2002 Winter Olympics, Park City knows how to entertain winter fun seekers. Snowboarders and skiers head for miles of spectacular slopes with deep fluffy powder and breathtaking mountain views. The Olympic Park provides family-friendly ski programs, rides and shows. Alta, Sundance, Snowbird and Brighton are other popular destinations for cross country and Alpine skiers. Those alluring snowy slopes turn to rolling wildflower fields in the summer. Golfing, fishing, horseback riding and water sports replace chilly outdoor sports adventures. Corral the family, pack a picnic and catch one of the ski lifts for an afternoon of hiking or mountain biking along scenic trails. Head to Salt Lake City, where Temple Square hosts millions of visitors a year. Bryce Canyon and Arches National Park are famous for surreal landscapes from horseshoe-shaped amphitheaters to unusual rock formations and hundreds of natural sandstone arches. Closer to home, wander along the quaint main streets of mountain villages to browse, shop and enjoy lunch at an outdoor café. At the end of the day, head home for an outdoor barbecue and an evening of games. Home rentals blend privacy, space and comfort with the cost-saving advantage of eating some meals at home.
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Vermont
Whether you’re exploring Vermont’s covered bridges, visiting Quechee Gorge or skiing at Killington, you’ll find Vermont to be picture-perfect. If you’re the outdoorsy type, you’ll love Vermont. In winter, of course, there’s plenty of skiing and snowboarding. In the warmer months, however, Vermont offers plenty of opportunities for hiking, biking, fishing and boating. If you enjoy boating, swimming and fishing, a vacation rental on Lake Champlain might be perfect for you.
Popular Cities
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Las Vegas
Whether you’re a high roller or a low-key lounger, Las Vegas has something to suit your vacation taste. Sample fare from top chefs and cornucopian buffets, try your luck at one of the world’s premier casinos, or take in a spectacular show. Just wandering the Strip is enough to get your heart pumping. Once you’ve had enough of the razzle-dazzle, wave hello to the toothy sea life at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, hike Red Rock Canyon, or visit the Neon Museum, where old signs take on new life.
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Laughlin
Hit the casinos, watch big-name entertainment and stay at a themed hotel. Las Vegas? No, but this small gambling town on the banks of the Colorado River offers a taste of Vegas minus the glitz, traffic and high costs. Plus, there's much to do here besides gambling. Not only does Laughlin have the Colorado River for boating, swimming, fishing, waterskiing and other sports, but it also has gorgeous Lake Mohave offering much of the same on a grander scale. Golfers will enjoy beautiful courses where reasonable green fees stretch their dollars. For a taste of the Wild West, head to nearby 100-year-old Oatman, where you can catch a mock gunfight and guzzle beer in an old-time saloon. Hiking, anyone? Grapevine Canyon awaits you, famous for the Indian markings - some 800 years old - carved into its boulders. If the slots are calling, you'll find plenty of gaming houses, with water shuttles running between them 24/7. What Laughlin lacks in Vegas glamour, it makes up for in affordability, scenic beauty and aquatic fun.
Sonoma
In Sonoma, you can go wine-tasting… or cheese-tasting… or olive oil-tasting… or just let the chefs of the area’s renowned restaurants put everything together for you. Then burn off some of that good food and wine by hiking or biking through redwood forests.
Palm Springs
Looking to relax in the sun? Palm Springs, with 354 days of sunshine per year, might be the place for you. Relax poolside or visit one of the many area spas… or tour some fantastic examples of mid-century modern architecture.
Calistoga
Here’s your day in Calistoga: Yoga. Massage. Spa lunch. Hike. Wine-tasting. Facial. Mud bath. Gourmet dinner (with more wine). Dip in a mineral pool. Does it get more relaxing than a spa town built around natural springs in the middle of wine country? We don't think so.
Sedona
Sedona is a true oasis, a vacationer’s paradise in the middle of the Arizona desert. Here, you’ll find resorts and spas, canyons and red rock formations. Bell Rock and Oak Creek Canyon are great hiking spots, and the dramatic architecture of the Chapel of the Holy Cross is a religious experience itself. When the sun dips down below the horizon it introduces the best show in Sedona: the night sky.
Male
The island capital of the Maldives teems with high rises and narrow streets, all ringed by seawalls. Shopaholics can savor Male's flavors in the local markets, which are packed with fresh produce, and along Chaandanee Magu, the spot for local souvenirs, such as carved wooden dhonis, miniature replicas of the boats dotting area waters. The golden-domed Friday Mosque presides over the landscape, while the underwater riches of the atolls lure scuba enthusiasts from around the globe.
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
Phoenix
Nearly perfect year-round weather and several impeccably designed championship courses have made Phoenix one of the top golf destinations in the world. But there's more to this mild-mannered metropolis than pristine greens and tee times. The greater Phoenix area also offers visitors an array of impressive cultural attractions. Visit the internationally renowned Heard Museum for an in-depth look at Native American history or peruse the fine collection at the Phoenix Museum of Art. Enjoy a ballet performance at the ornate Orpheum Theater or or catch a concert at the state-of-the-art Comerica Theatre. In addition to golf, the city offers access to numerous outdoor endeavors including rock climbing, hot-air ballooning, desert jeep tours and more. Family-friendly attractions, first-rate shopping, dining and entertainment, and spectacular recreational activities make Phoenix a must-visit destination.
Virginia Beach
Virginia Beach has all the elements of a classic seaside resort: gorgeous beaches, a lively boardwalk, plenty of restaurants and nightspots, and amusement rides sure to appeal to kids. Sports enthusiasts will find celebrated golf courses in Virginia Beach and the surrounding area, as well as sea kayaking and miles of hiking trails. Many believe Virginia Beach is at its best in the off-season, when the town is less crowded but the weather is still mild.
Santa Fe
Venture into the unspoiled beauty of 7,000-foot Rocky Mountain vistas, marvel at the contrast of ancient native culture mixed with modern arts, feast on legendary cuisine and relax in rustic sophistication. A visit to Santa Fe, Travel & Leisure's #1 Cultural Getaway, feels a lot like a visit to Europe. The Spanish Colonial charm of this historic destination has been enchanting travelers for over 400 years. And Santa Fe shows no signs of slowing down.
Rishikesh
The holy city of Rishikesh, in the base of the Himalayas, holds deep cultural and spiritual significance for local Hindus. Sacred rivers and mountains set the scene for yoga and reflective hikes, and rafting here is an absolute must. The Beatles got in touch with their Eastern spiritual side here, writing several songs during a 1968 stint at a local ashram.
Kochi (Cochin)
A blending of several small villages on the southwestern coast created the current incarnation of Kochi (or Cochin), where sunset strolls, sampling fresh fish from seaside vendors and boat rides through the islands just offshore top visitors' to-do lists. Art centers showcase the traditional dance, Kathakali. European influences are seen in the 16th-century Portuguese-built churches and forts, while the mark of early Chinese traders is visible in the unusual fishing nets dotting the shoreline.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Taichung
Among its many tourist attractions, Taichung offers a downtown shopping experience similar to that of Tokyo or Manhattan, a bustling nightlife, and a cuisine to please even the pickiest palate. Travelers come to this city to feast their eyes on the temples, markets, parks, and museums. Touring families often visit the Taichung National Museum of Natural Science to marvel over the exhibits or the Feng Chia night market to purchase local goods. But perhaps what Taichung is known for the most is Bubble tea, the most famous beverage in the region. 
Aspen
Everyone knows Aspen as a top-notch winter resort town. But outdoor enthusiasts will enjoy it in the summer, too, when the mountains become a perfect setting for hiking, biking and horseback tours. Some may be surprised to find it’s a top romance destination—but after all that outdoor exercise, who wouldn’t want to repair to a luxurious hotel room or a cozy, firelit bar?
Playa del Carmen
Playa del Carmen is one of the top diving destinations in the world, thanks to vibrant sea life and dazzling underwater caverns. On dry land, Playa is a hipper and more modern version of the fishing village it once was. Spend some quality time on the golf course or wave hello to the playful spider monkeys at The Jungle Place sanctuary. Explore the ancient ruins of the Coba Mayan Village, or get in some quality people-watching as you shop and stroll along 5th Avenue.
Popular Countries
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Poland
Germany
From the fairy-tale castles and medieval villages of Bavaria to the Rhine Valley's UNESCO-listed landscapes and the storied monuments of Berlin, Germany has many faces. Steeped in history, cities like Cologne, Frankfurt, and Hamburg are also among the coolest cultural hubs in Europe.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
Switzerland
From the storybook villages and dizzying peaks of the Swiss Alps to the lakeside resorts of Geneva and Lucerne, landlocked Switzerland serves up some of Europe’s most enchanting scenery (along with some of its most delicious cheeses and chocolates, too).
Austria
As home to majestic mountains, opulent palaces, and high culture, Austria's attractions are classically sumptuous and enduring. But beyond the waltzes, the strudels, the alpine summits, and Habsburg architecture, its modern cities are proof of just how easily Austria combines the contemporary with the historic.
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Croatia
Croatia makes quite a splash. With Grade 3 and 4 rafting and kayaking available on rivers that gush through lush forest, and sea kayaking on the coast, it's the perfect place to paddle. For a different pace, dive into the Adriatic's graveyard of vessels, clamber limestone cliffs or sail between 1200 islands.
Japan
In the Land of the Rising Sun, ancient temples sit alongside neon wonderlands and shinto shrines offer pockets of peace amid metropolises. Add tea ceremonies, snow monkeys, sushi, kimonos, and karaoke to the mix, and you’ve got one of the world’s most fascinating countries.
France
There's much more to France than Paris—from the fairy-tale châteaux of the Loire Valley to the lavender fields of Provence, and the French Riviera's celebrity-studded beaches. World-famous gastronomy and fine wines provide the perfect complement to the country's alpine views and architectural masterpieces.
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Portugal
Portugal’s Mediterranean charm is most prominent on the golden beaches of the Algarve; in the wilderness of the Azores islands; among the vineyards of Douro Valley; and on the cobbled streets of Lisbon and Porto, where old-world culture meets cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Taiwan
You could spend months exploring Taiwan’s Buddhist temples, villages, cities, and mountains and still barely scratch the surface of all the island has to offer. Here Confucius meets C-pop in a cultural mash-up of a place where traditional festivals are as important as hip-hop and cell phones. Taipei, Taichung, and Kaohsiung each burst with opportunities to explore, learn, shop, and dine. Don’t miss breathtaking natural features like Sun Moon Lake, the hot springs of Tainan, and Taroko Gorge.
Bulgaria
Israel
From the Tel Aviv beach scene to the shores of the Dead Sea, Israel layers diverse cultures, outdoor adventures, and religious heritage onto a desert backdrop. Exploring here means history at every turn, while a humming food scene treats gourmet travelers to ultra-fresh flavors.
Türkiye
Risen from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, Türkiye is a land of cities and countryside, of ancient ruins and contemporary culture. Splash around the mud baths of Dalyan or scramble around the volcanic rock of Goreme. Visiting gorgeous Istanbul, of course, is a no-brainer. Whatever you do, don’t ever, ever skip coffee and desserts: enjoying flowery Turkish Delight and achingly flaky baklava is like a vacation for your taste buds.
South Korea
While only 60 years ago South Korea was considered a developing country, it’s now one of Asia’s economic and cultural leaders. Super-chic Seoul combines modernism with ancient history; coastal Busan serves up rugged beach spots; and Jeju Island wows with volcanic landscapes and towering mountains.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
Find Spa Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
South Carolina Spa Resorts
New Mexico Spa Resorts
Georgia Spa Resorts
Montana Spa Resorts
Indiana Spa Resorts
New Hampshire Spa Resorts
Alabama Spa Resorts
Oregon Spa Resorts
Maine Spa Resorts
Idaho Spa Resorts
Bavaria Spa Resorts
Spain Spa Resorts
Ireland Spa Resorts
Czech Republic Spa Resorts
Cyprus Spa Resorts
Malta Spa Resorts
England Spa Resorts
Tenerife Spa Resorts
Scotland Spa Resorts
Majorca Spa Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
Jamaica Spa Resorts
Puerto Rico Spa Resorts
Anguilla Spa Resorts
Barbados Spa Resorts
Cayman Islands Spa Resorts
St. Croix Spa Resorts
Curaçao Spa Resorts
St. Thomas Spa Resorts
Montego Bay Spa Resorts
Punta Cana Spa Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Kerala Spa Resorts
Vietnam Spa Resorts
Sri Lanka Spa Resorts
Nepal Spa Resorts
Okinawa Prefecture Spa Resorts
Laos Spa Resorts
Indonesia Spa Resorts
New Zealand Spa Resorts
Australia Spa Resorts
Cebu Island Spa Resorts
Africa & Middle East
United Arab Emirates Spa Resorts
South Africa Spa Resorts
Oman Spa Resorts
Morocco Spa Resorts
Tunisia Spa Resorts
Seychelles Spa Resorts
Egypt Spa Resorts
Cape Verde Spa Resorts
Kenya Spa Resorts
Cairo Spa Resorts
Central/South America
Ecuador Spa Resorts
Argentina Spa Resorts
Panama Spa Resorts
Belize Spa Resorts
Brazil Spa Resorts
Ushuaia Spa Resorts
Tamarindo Spa Resorts
State of Sao Paulo Spa Resorts
Termas de Rio Hondo Spa Resorts
Honduras Spa Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Tripadvisor
