Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang Rental Cars
Top Rental Cars in Da Nang
Da Nang Car Rentals
Find rental carsBrowse locations
Same drop off
Pick up location
Pick up
Mar 1610:00 AM
Drop off
Mar 1710:00 AM
Passengers (optional)
Select
Find rental cars
Driver's age
30+
Worldwide Coverage
Searching over 60,000 locations worldwide to find you the right car at the right price
Book with Confidence
Free cancellations on most bookings and no hidden charges or credit card fees
Review a rental car locationNEW
Share your opinion with other travelers
Find the best rental car deals in Da Nang
Renting a car in Da Nang is a must if you want to fully explore in and around the city. There’s a lot of things to do and places to see in Da Nang. Renting a car gives you the flexibility to drive to a nearby city or attraction outside of Da Nang.
With Tripadvisor, you can rent all types of vehicles in Da Nang. We offer economical standard cars, sporty convertibles, family-friendly minivans, and comfortable SUVs. By leveraging the world’s largest rental car booking service and searching all major rental brands, we help you find the lowest rental car prices available. We offer comprehensive coverage of over 60,000 locations worldwide.
What you need to know when renting a car in Da Nang
You can pick up your vehicle at any rental car location in Da Nang or at the airport.
Make sure you compare deals across all major rental car brands - there are dozens to choose from in Da Nang.
Major rental car providers include Hertz, National, Enterprise, Alamo and Avis, but Da Nang also offers other rental car brands.
Reserve early to get the best-priced rental car for your trip to Da Nang.
Tips for renting a car in Da Nang
Join a loyalty rewards program with a car rental company so you can earn points to use towards perks. Joining is typically free-of-charge.
Look for Da Nang car rental locations outside the airport as prices usually include a kiosk fee at the airport.
Consider taking a taxi or rideshare from the airport to an offsite location. Taxes and fees are based on where you pick up your rental car, not where you drop off.
When flying to Da Nang, check with the airline for reward programs that include discounts at car rental companies.
Airports serving Da Nang
Da Nang Airport Car Rentals
Top Attractions in Da Nang
See all
The Marble Mountains
7,994 Reviews
Lady Buddha
4,505 Reviews
Ba Na Hills
6,583 Reviews
Dragon Bridge
5,905 Reviews
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Rental Cars
Browse locations
Mar 16
10:00 AM
Mar 17
NEW
