Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
YY wrote a review Nov 2022
Malaysia2 contributions1 helpful vote
No one manage the email or ignore
I was emailed to the hotel for several time to check is there any lost and found in my room, provide all the info, they didn’t reply my email at all. That’s was so rude. Thru webpage and Facebook as well. After so long still didn’t get my response and reply.
Read more
Date of stay: October 2022
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Chủ sở hữu at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Nov 17, 2022
Hi dreamlol, I noticed that you had an unpleasant experience while staying at our hotel. Please provide your booking information including your name, reservation number, period of stay, and other valid proofs to prove that what you review here is correct. We look forward to your cooperation so we can have the best solution for this problem. Thank you.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
dasun12021 wrote a review Nov 2022
New York City, New York3 contributions2 helpful votes
Will be back
Large rooms , good for families . Great location, kind staff, great breakfast. Very accommodating! Will definitely stay next time too. Roof deck cafe/ bar is great too. Walkable to restaurants and local shops.
Date of stay: November 2022
Hi dasun12021, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on TripAdvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Jeong wrote a review Oct 2022
I can recommend you this hotel!
The staffs are really kind and have passion. So we could stay very comfortable and nice. And the morning meal is also delicious!😍And it has beautiful pool and top bar, but the smell of pool was little bad for me. But totally I like this hotel!
Hi Jeongeuni123, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Fibonacci 7 wrote a review Oct 2022
India299 contributions163 helpful votes
Beach facing Luxurious comfort
Beautiful location overlooking the beach and very big rooms with a great view of the sea . There are a lot of restaurants at a walking distance from the hotel.There is a convenience store just next door .The Staff is helpful although not everyone understands English.The buffet spread is very good and has a good choice for vegetarians also There was one problem although the hotel was not responsible for it At 5 30-6 am on both days of our stay there was a program on the beach and the loud speaker made it difficult to sleep Other than that it was a delightful experience
Hi anita7871, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Richard B wrote a review Sep 2022
Porto, Portugal12 contributions13 helpful votes
Great stay at the À La Carte Da Nang
Certainly recommend this hotel 🏨🛏️. The rooms are spacious. Very well located in the peninsula. Near good restaurants. Breakfast is included and lots of choice. Staff is friendly and helpful. Don't forget to visit the rooftop bar and swimming pool For sure if I am in Da Nang than this hotel will be my favourite
Date of stay: September 2022
Hi Richard B, Thank you so much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach for your vacation. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. We look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang city. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Mansur M wrote a review Jul 2021
India455 contributions38 helpful votes
+1
Great Location and Decor, Fantastic View of Ocean and Beach from Balcony
The hotel is located at the rightest location in Da Nang City, Plenty of street food stalls just at stone throw distance, Rooms with Ocean View Balcony are amazing, Breakfast is good and enough to choose from, Room Interior are unique specially the batroom shower enclosure in between the middle of room. BE CAREFUL OF BATH MIXTURE, Its get very hot and could burn your skin. Look for HOT sticker placed near the water regulator. Look at pictures attached to have a view of Room, balcony, Beach, The room entrance is through a huge living room with a tiny powder room and another Balcony with a cloth drying hanger trolley. Only one star less in my review because of damp smell inside room. everything else is unique.
Date of stay: July 2020
Stennius wrote a review Feb 2020
17 contributions6 helpful votes
Nice hotel next to the beach. Top infinity pool is tiny, but offers great possibilities to nice IG shots.
The location next to the beach is nice. Currently the next hotel is just constructing, and it causes a lot of noise which totally blocks balcony usage - and blocks all the view. And believe me, many hotels are a lot closer to each other than this approximately 20m distance. The road between the hotel and beach is just crazy. There are 4 lines to both directions. But don't rely on those directions, watch both ways before crossing! People are driving like lunatics in there. In our room there were two bedrooms, living room, kitchen and two bathrooms. Nice. Some fruits on the table when checked in. One 0.5l bottle of water every day as well as instant coffee and tea. In kitchen there were no forks, knives or pans and pots. I don't know who needs those on holidays, but kitchen…
Date of stay: February 2020
1 Helpful vote
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Feb 27, 2020
Xin chào Stennius, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel! Thank you for choosing our hotel among many upscale hotel in Da Nang. We are happy to learn that you overall like our hotel. We are sorry for some inconveniences caused to you during the stay. Please understand that due to safety reason, we do not put utensils such as knife, scissors... and guest should contact our team if they are in need for these tools. We do provide beach towels for the guest, which is put on our front door and of course it is free. Hope you notice that our hotel do not have private beach, the payable services you experienced at beach side may make you feel uncomfortable, and this is out of our hotel control. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Traveler O wrote a review Feb 2020
Washington DC, District of Columbia1058 contributions540 helpful votes
Hotel on the Beachfront
Located right across the street from the beach, the location is solid and the hotel itself is a very good option to consider. Reserved a two bedroom, two bath room and it was worth it. There's an outdoor entertainment venue right across the street that's used almost nightly, so music/terrible karaoke/loud voices on mics will often go until about 2200 or so, then it normally quiets down. Just be aware of that. Room was spacious, breakfast spread in the restaurant was good (there's a kids playroom inside the restaurant), the lobby cafe was good too. Rooftop restaurant, bar, and pool was very nice. Great views of the area. There's also a spa on the floor just below the rooftop bar. Not far from the airport, plenty of restaurants nearby, free shuttles to Hoi An and surrounding…
Date of stay: September 2019
2 Helpful votes
Xin chào Traveler O, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Da Nang Beach! Thank you for choosing us for your stay in Da Nang! We are happy to know that you enjoyed your stay with us, especially the good location, great breakfast, amazing infinity pool.... We are sorry about the noise from the beach which is from city events and out of our hotel control. Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Alexander N wrote a review Feb 2020
1 contribution
Leisure
Excellent hotel with friendly staff attitude; home feeling; recommend to be a nice place to stay for leisure; convenient spot regardless of dining, drinking and swimming; good scene for seeing sunrise and sunset if the weather permits.
Responded Feb 5, 2020
Xin chào AlexandernX3000QG, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Himadri & Akshat wrote a review Feb 2020
Noida, India9 contributions1 helpful vote
Superb!
We stayed here for 5 nights which included the lunar new year 2020. We were in a 2 bedroom appt and it was such a fantastic experience. We had two balconies that overlooked sea. Every morning we used to wake up with the sunrise and look at the beautiful sea. Breakfast is worth having. They serve international as well as vietnamese foods. We loved trying new things there with a variety of fruits. The infinity pool at roof top was fantastic. In evenings it used to get windy and chilly because of 23rd floor but morning and afternoons were fabulous. They serve pizza, burgers, cocktails near pool. And oh their coconut coffee is a must try ❤ We tried their pho and fried rice as dinner with sauteed vegetables. It was good. I wish they had more options in dinner though. The spa at…
Date of stay: January 2020
Responded Feb 3, 2020
Xin chào Himadriakshat, Warmest greetings from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks on our great location, lovely apartment, wonderful spa service, delicious food and helpful staffs. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. Your compliments will be shared with the rest of the team to make them motivated. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…678910…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
YY
Malaysia
2 contributions
1 helpful vote
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
dasun12021
New York City, New York
3 contributions
2 helpful votes
Jeong
Fibonacci 7
India
299 contributions
299
163 helpful votes
163
Richard B
Porto, Portugal
12 contributions
12
13 helpful votes
13
Mansur M
455 contributions
455
38 helpful votes
38
Stennius
17 contributions
17
6 helpful votes
6
The location next to the beach is nice. Currently the next hotel is just constructing, and it causes a lot of noise which totally blocks balcony usage - and blocks all the view. And believe me, many hotels are a lot closer to each other than this approximately 20m distance. The road between the hotel and beach is just crazy. There are 4 lines to both directions. But don't rely on those directions, watch both ways before crossing! People are driving like lunatics in there. In our room there were two bedrooms, living room, kitchen and two bathrooms. Nice. Some fruits on the table when checked in. One 0.5l bottle of water every day as well as instant coffee and tea. In kitchen there were no forks, knives or pans and pots. I don't know who needs those on holidays, but kitchen
Traveler O
Washington DC, District of Columbia
1058 contributions
1058
540 helpful votes
540
Located right across the street from the beach, the location is solid and the hotel itself is a very good option to consider. Reserved a two bedroom, two bath room and it was worth it. There's an outdoor entertainment venue right across the street that's used almost nightly, so music/terrible karaoke/loud voices on mics will often go until about 2200 or so, then it normally quiets down. Just be aware of that. Room was spacious, breakfast spread in the restaurant was good (there's a kids playroom inside the restaurant), the lobby cafe was good too. Rooftop restaurant, bar, and pool was very nice. Great views of the area. There's also a spa on the floor just below the rooftop bar. Not far from the airport, plenty of restaurants nearby, free shuttles to Hoi An and surrounding
Alexander N
Himadri & Akshat
Noida, India
9 contributions
9
We stayed here for 5 nights which included the lunar new year 2020. We were in a 2 bedroom appt and it was such a fantastic experience. We had two balconies that overlooked sea. Every morning we used to wake up with the sunrise and look at the beautiful sea. Breakfast is worth having. They serve international as well as vietnamese foods. We loved trying new things there with a variety of fruits. The infinity pool at roof top was fantastic. In evenings it used to get windy and chilly because of 23rd floor but morning and afternoons were fabulous. They serve pizza, burgers, cocktails near pool. And oh their coconut coffee is a must try ❤ We tried their pho and fried rice as dinner with sauteed vegetables. It was good. I wish they had more options in dinner though. The spa at
…
7
8
10
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
