Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to My Khe Beach, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near My Khe Beach
View map
Hotels near My Khe Beach
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of My Khe Beach
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,598 of 4,117 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from My Khe Beach

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.3 miles from My Khe Beach
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
2023
151. Hilton Da Nang
1,430 reviews
50 Bach Dang | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.5 miles from My Khe Beach
#151 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...”
152. Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
1,380 reviews
37 Co Giang, Da Nang 500000, Vietnam
1.7 miles from My Khe Beach
#152 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“There's nothing we can fault during our stay at Cozy. A special thanks to Vu for offering great tips during our stay. The entire staff were amazing and the room, well.......Cozy! So good and the bed was huge...”
153. Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from My Khe Beach
#153 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Visit hotel website
154. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,961 reviews
36 Bach Dang Street | Hai Chau District, Da Nang 02363, Vietnam
#154 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip. Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...”
Top Rated
155. Wink Hotel Danang Centre
527 reviews
178 Tran Phu Street | Phuoc Ninh Ward, Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#155 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )... anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...”
Vanda Hotel
156. Bay Capital Da Nang Hotel
72 reviews
17 Quang Trung, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#156 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I had a wonderful weekend experience at Capitals Lough with my friends. The drinks there were delicious, the staff were friendly, and I was especially impressed with Zumy, a petite and lovely girl. She opened the...”
157. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
99 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.8 miles from My Khe Beach
#157 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한 직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...”
158. Sanouva Danang Hotel
2,015 reviews
68 Phan Chau Trinh, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#158 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...”
159. Val Soleil Hotel
62 reviews
186 Tran Phu | Phuoc Ninh, Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#159 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Absolutely wonderful stay here. The hotel has a pool, gym, spa, dining, free breakfast etc so lots to offer and in a great location for great value. What stood out to us most was the amazing service from staff...”
160. Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
202 Nguyen Chi Thanh | Phuoc Ninh, Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#160 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...”
Monarque Hotel
3,036 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from My Khe Beach
“I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...”
161. Daisy Boutique Hotel - Apartment
323 reviews
67 Che Lan Vien, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.9 miles from My Khe Beach
#161 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…”
162. Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
124 reviews
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district | Tho Quang, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#162 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...”
163. Grand Gold Hotel
345 reviews
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street, Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#163 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...”
164. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
101 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#164 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...”
165. Grand Mercure Danang
2,857 reviews
Lot A1 Zone of the Villas of Green Island | Hoa Cuong Bac, Hai Chau District, Da Nang 84511, Vietnam
#165 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“It is very convenient to go to downtown by grab and it is near the airport. I feel comfortable and relaxed when staying at Grand Mercure Danang hotel for three nights. We will stay here when come back to danang...”
166. Furama Resort Danang
5,329 reviews
103 - 105 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#166 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...”
167. Central Hotel & Spa
218 reviews
21-23 Hoang Dieu | Hai Chau District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#167 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff were very nice and welcoming. The hotel is situated in Da Nang city and is very easy to get everywhere either on foot or by using Grabs. Danang is much bigger than we first realised. We stayed in the...”
168. Nhat Linh Danang Hotel
63 reviews
194 Nguyen Chi Thanh, City Center / Airport | Phuoc Ninh Ward, Hai Chau District, Danang City, Da Nang, Vietnam
#168 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very nice hotel, definitely worth for the price. Walking distance from the river front, better to get a uk tuk tuk to cross the river and go to the beach, but is possible to walk as I did. Friendly staff, even...”
169. Dai A hotel
298 reviews
51 Yen Bai, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#169 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“right in the center of danang, short walk from the riverfront and in the vicinity of good eateries/restaurants. very friendly staff. good wifi. i had a quiet room out the back of the hotel with cathedral views…”
170. L'amore Boutique Hotel
49 reviews
378 Vo Nguyen Giap St | My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District,, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#170 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...”
171. Grandvrio City Danang by Route Inn Group
976 reviews
01-03 Dong Da street | Hai Chau District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#171 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Nice luxurious room, clean and hot water is working well. Rooms were very clean and had the usual amenities. Also has souvenir shop with local products. Staff was very polite and helpful. Breakfast starts at 6:30...”
172. Da nang Han River Hotel
55 reviews
14 Ly Tu Trong Street, Hai Chau District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#172 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Cozy, friendly staff, close to centre then easy to get foood. Was busy working but always nice to back hotel with delightful staff. Maybe they csn improved a little by more decoration and upgrade that gonna be…”
173. Danang Tomodachi House
17 Tran Binh Trong Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#173 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I was very tired when I got to Danang for my trip over to HCMC, and the hotel has been very inspiring with it's accommodating staff and very cozy rooms. The ambience is very Japanese in nature that will give you a...”
174. Titan Hotel Da Nang
126 reviews
104 102, Ho Xuan Huong, Ngu Hanh Son Dist., Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#174 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.”
175. Dong Duong Hotel & Suites
21 reviews
62 Thai Phien, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#175 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“We sleep here 3 nights . Room was very good with city view. Hotel is very clean and the breakfast area was decorated with old stuff like 3 old cars,old radio's.,old motorbikes etc. People on the reception are…”
176. Sea Phoenix Hotel Danang
33 reviews
115 Ho Xuan Huong Str, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 500000, Vietnam
#176 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Booked a sea view room. Compact, well maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…”
177. Seahorse Office and Hotel
8 reviews
29 Yen Bai | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#177 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great location close to the river. Lovely rooftop pool. Rooms were clean and in great condition. Staff were fantastically helpful (booked a trip for us and then were able to refund when we were unable to go due...”
178. Fansipan Danang Hotel
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District | ₫, Da Nang, Vietnam
#178 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…”
179. White Snow Hotel Danang
78 reviews
Lot 5-6 Nguyen Van Linh, Da Nang, Vietnam
#179 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Location is very good walking distance to restaurants, and lots of taxis / grab available, atm approx. 100’. The room is ok, bed, hot shower, WiFi clean towels. Pretty basic nothing fancy. Pricing is nice...”
180. Zen Diamond Suites Hotel
66 reviews
16 Ly Thuong Kiet | Thach Thang, Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#180 Best Value of 4,117 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our 2 bedrooms unit is very spacious with comfortable beds, strong wifi and good shower. Buffet breakfast has plenty of options with decent quality. Location is pretty good, in a relatively quiet area but not far...”
Previous
Next
1…45678…
My Khe Beach
1,598 of 4,117 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
50 Bach Dang
Hai Chau
Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...
Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super
friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this...
37 Co Giang
Da Nang 500000,
There's nothing we can fault during our stay at Cozy. A special thanks to Vu for offering great tips during our stay. The entire staff were amazing and the room, well.......Cozy! So good and the bed was huge...
There's nothing we can fault during our stay at
Cozy. A special thanks to Vu for offering great tips during our stay. The entire staff were amazing and the room, well.......Cozy! So good and the bed was huge...
03 Nguyen Van Linh
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
36 Bach Dang Street
Hai Chau District
Da Nang 02363,
Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip. Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...
Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip.
Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always...
178 Tran Phu Street
Phuoc Ninh Ward
Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000,
Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )... anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...
Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 )...
anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but...
17 Quang Trung
I had a wonderful weekend experience at Capitals Lough with my friends. The drinks there were delicious, the staff were friendly, and I was especially impressed with Zumy, a petite and lovely girl. She opened the...
I had a wonderful weekend experience at Capitals
Lough with my friends. The drinks there were delicious, the staff were friendly, and I was especially impressed with Zumy, a petite and lovely girl. She opened the...
99 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Ngu Hanh Son District
정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한 직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...
정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한
직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...
68 Phan Chau Trinh
Da Nang 55000,
I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...
I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel
for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and...
186 Tran Phu
Phuoc Ninh, Hai Chau
Absolutely wonderful stay here. The hotel has a pool, gym, spa, dining, free breakfast etc so lots to offer and in a great location for great value. What stood out to us most was the amazing service from staff...
Absolutely wonderful stay here. The hotel has a
pool, gym, spa, dining, free breakfast etc so lots to offer and in a great location for great value. What stood out to us most was the amazing service from staff...
202 Nguyen Chi Thanh
Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...
Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they
try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking...
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...
I booked this hotel after reading many reviews in tripadvisor, I aslo have experience to stay in Da Nang few times before but this hotel is the best + Location is super
cross the street is My Khe beach + My room w...
My Khe beach
67 Che Lan Vien
It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…
It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool
is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district
Tho Quang, Son Tra
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front
with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street
Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000,
It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
It's a very good located at almost end of the
costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
101 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome
at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
Lot A1 Zone of the Villas of Green Island
Hoa Cuong Bac, Hai Chau District
Da Nang 84511,
It is very convenient to go to downtown by grab and it is near the airport. I feel comfortable and relaxed when staying at Grand Mercure Danang hotel for three nights. We will stay here when come back to danang...
It is very convenient to go to downtown by grab
and it is near the airport. I feel comfortable and relaxed when staying at Grand Mercure Danang hotel for three nights. We will stay here when come back to danang...
103 - 105 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days.
They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
21-23 Hoang Dieu
The staff were very nice and welcoming. The hotel is situated in Da Nang city and is very easy to get everywhere either on foot or by using Grabs. Danang is much bigger than we first realised. We stayed in the...
The staff were very nice and welcoming. The
hotel is situated in Da Nang city and is very easy to get everywhere either on foot or by using Grabs. Danang is much bigger than we first realised. We stayed in the...
194 Nguyen Chi Thanh, City Center / Airport
Phuoc Ninh Ward, Hai Chau District, Danang City
Da Nang,
Very nice hotel, definitely worth for the price. Walking distance from the river front, better to get a uk tuk tuk to cross the river and go to the beach, but is possible to walk as I did. Friendly staff, even...
Very nice hotel, definitely worth for the price.
Walking distance from the river front, better to get a uk tuk tuk to cross the river and go to the beach, but is possible to walk as I did. Friendly staff, even...
51 Yen Bai
right in the center of danang, short walk from the riverfront and in the vicinity of good eateries/restaurants. very friendly staff. good wifi. i had a quiet room out the back of the hotel with cathedral views…
right in the center of danang, short walk from
the riverfront and in the vicinity of good eateries/restaurants. very friendly staff. good wifi. i had a quiet room out the back of the hotel with cathedral views…
378 Vo Nguyen Giap St
My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District,
Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...
Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse
which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...
01-03 Dong Da street
Nice luxurious room, clean and hot water is working well. Rooms were very clean and had the usual amenities. Also has souvenir shop with local products. Staff was very polite and helpful. Breakfast starts at 6:30...
Nice luxurious room, clean and hot water is
working well. Rooms were very clean and had the usual amenities. Also has souvenir shop with local products. Staff was very polite and helpful. Breakfast starts at 6:30...
14 Ly Tu Trong Street, Hai Chau District
Cozy, friendly staff, close to centre then easy to get foood. Was busy working but always nice to back hotel with delightful staff. Maybe they csn improved a little by more decoration and upgrade that gonna be…
Cozy, friendly staff, close to centre then easy
to get foood. Was busy working but always nice to back hotel with delightful staff. Maybe they csn improved a little by more decoration and upgrade that gonna be…
17 Tran Binh Trong Street
I was very tired when I got to Danang for my trip over to HCMC, and the hotel has been very inspiring with it's accommodating staff and very cozy rooms. The ambience is very Japanese in nature that will give you a...
I was very tired when I got to Danang for my trip
over to HCMC, and the hotel has been very inspiring with it's accommodating staff and very cozy rooms. The ambience is very Japanese in nature that will give you a...
104 102, Ho Xuan Huong, Ngu Hanh Son Dist.
The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.
The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality
provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.
62 Thai Phien
We sleep here 3 nights . Room was very good with city view. Hotel is very clean and the breakfast area was decorated with old stuff like 3 old cars,old radio's.,old motorbikes etc. People on the reception are…
We sleep here 3 nights . Room was very good with
city view. Hotel is very clean and the breakfast area was decorated with old stuff like 3 old cars,old radio's.,old motorbikes etc. People on the reception are…
115 Ho Xuan Huong Str, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
Booked a sea view room. Compact, well maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…
Booked a sea view room. Compact, well
maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…
29 Yen Bai
Great location close to the river. Lovely rooftop pool. Rooms were clean and in great condition. Staff were fantastically helpful (booked a trip for us and then were able to refund when we were unable to go due...
Great location close to the river. Lovely
rooftop pool. Rooms were clean and in great condition. Staff were fantastically helpful (booked a trip for us and then were able to refund when we were unable to go due...
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
₫
I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
I stayed here because the hotel is near the
places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
Lot 5-6 Nguyen Van Linh
Location is very good walking distance to restaurants, and lots of taxis / grab available, atm approx. 100’. The room is ok, bed, hot shower, WiFi clean towels. Pretty basic nothing fancy. Pricing is nice...
Location is very good walking distance to
restaurants, and lots of taxis / grab available, atm approx. 100’. The room is ok, bed, hot shower, WiFi clean towels. Pretty basic nothing fancy. Pricing is nice...
16 Ly Thuong Kiet
Thach Thang, Hai Chau
Our 2 bedrooms unit is very spacious with comfortable beds, strong wifi and good shower. Buffet breakfast has plenty of options with decent quality. Location is pretty good, in a relatively quiet area but not far...
Our 2 bedrooms unit is very spacious with
comfortable beds, strong wifi and good shower. Buffet breakfast has plenty of options with decent quality. Location is pretty good, in a relatively quiet area but not far...
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
