Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Indoor pool
Aha Halong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it as..."
"This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
In Halong Bay
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Galaxy Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
Việt Hoàng Hotel Hạ Long
4 reviews
412.1 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long..."
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#21 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east side..."
May House Hotel
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Bao Han Hotel
#22 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is really..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Lake Hills Hotel Halong
0.7 miles from Halong Bay
#23 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
#61 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#24 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
484.2 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of..."
The Twin Hotel
#25 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
The Marine Hotel
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Luxury Hotel
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
La Dolce Vita Hotel
#29 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
#75 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here."
"We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked..."
Savanna Hotel
#30 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
#77 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
