Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Exotic Resorts
THE BEST Exotic Resorts in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Exotic Resorts
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
1 of 474 properties is available and matches your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Exotic
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1 Halong Bay Exotic Resorts
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Popular destinations for Exotic Resorts
Da Lat
This former colonial resort provides a respite from Southern Vietnam's year-round swelter. The town is full of beautiful French-era buildings and surrounded by pine trees and farms growing exotic vegetables and flowers. It's worth the trip just to escape the heat for a few days.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Nile River Valley
The mighty Nile has been providing Egypt with water for millennia. Deserving of its reputation as the world's largest open-air museum, the Nile River Valley contains thousands of monuments at sites such as Luxor and Aswan. Don't miss the city of temples ar Karnak, the dozens of tombs in the Valley of the Kings, the massive rock temples of Abu Simbel or vast and powerful Luxor Temple. Visitors can float by these astounding sites on a felucca boat or cruise ship or catch a train from Cairo.
Binh Thuan Province
Phan Thiet
Chumphon
Choeng Mon
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:ResortExotic
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
13.6 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
Matches:Resort
Missing:Exotic
ATI Quan Lan Eco Resort
2 reviews
#87 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Sadly we had a terrible experience in a beautiful place. On arrival we were greeted with what felt like resentment from the staff. This followed by being woken at 5.30am by someone peeping through the holes made..."
"If a bamboo hut on a deserted beach on a remote island sounds like Nirvana, then the Quan Lan Eco Resort is the place for you. Getting to Quan Lan Island is an adventure in and of itself. There is a local ferry..."
Matches:Exotic
Missing:Resort
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
In Halong Bay
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Viethouse Lodge
87 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"A large place, space and recreation, quiet and romantic. A beautiful location for a corner overlooking Halong Bay. There is a swimming pool to relax. The restaurant - style Asian, wide area. With my opinion the..."
"The room had a great view of Halong Bay. The owner of the hotel was very friendly and helpful. We had clean room with hot water and tv. The bar was well equipped. The food was great. Well served. The lady owner of..."
Woodstock Beach Camp
134 reviews
14.9 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The staff here was amazing and could not have been nicer. For around $6.00 USD per night we can't complain. Some of the other visitors were extremely rude, but that is not the fault of the staff. The issue we had..."
"If you just want a place to stay with like minded individuals, then this is your place. If you dont like people sleeping on mattresses on the floor as you walk your room, music all night, holes in the floor, and..."
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
"My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. Check in was easy and the room was spacious and clean. We had a beautiful sea view in our 3rd floor room. The hotel is very central with easy access to everything we..."
Cannon Fort Cat Ba Hotel
#1 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main..."
"Hi! Thanks for taking the time to read this review, hopefully it will be helpful for you! We have slept 3 days at this hotels. During a terrible night bus from Ha Giang to Cat Ba (with a goat and motorcycle in..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Flamingo Cat Ba is a hidden gem of this beautiful island. A peaceful place to have your own relaxing time but still close to the center enough to blend into the daily life. Mr Cương receptionist is very..."
Le Pont Bungalow Hostel
226 reviews
#40 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We met some friends for drinks here. The service from the staff was woeful. They were all hanging out with each other chatting and on their phones all evening. Every single time we wanted a round of drinks we had to..."
Legacy Yen Tu - MGallery
388 reviews
23.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 5 Specialty lodging in Uong Bi
"This hotel is nice place, peaceful, meditation and nice staffs. When we joined breakfast, we met nice staff - mr. Phong - he supported and take care us enthusiasm, careful, professional, good behaviour, agile. We..."
"Super nice hotel with unique design. Bed is very comfortable. Nice buffet breakfast. Every corner of this hotel is a background for good photo. Staff is extremely friendly. Love all the activities provided by the..."
Visit hotel website
Phu Vinh Hotel
3 reviews
23.7 miles from Halong Bay
#96 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Good points: *Great hot shower *Friendly staff *Location is good as close to restaurants and coffee shops *Toiletries provided Average points: *Budget hotel but pricey as you can get much better quality in..."
"Having had a couple of days travelling round VN, I booked this hotel through Agoda, which had been problem free in Cat Ba and Hong Kong. On arrival, there was some confusion as the hotel had not had by reservation..."
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Catba Water Park Resort
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
5.3 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated."
"The property has fantastic facilities. Checking In and out is a bit lengthy because they require security deposit which is only payable in VND or credit card. We had no room issues but housekeeping came really..."
Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
17.3 miles from Halong Bay
#51 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
23.0 miles from Halong Bay
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
22.6 miles from Halong Bay
#77 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a..."
"Nestled in son gia golf course, the resort is very nice with a big swimming pool, a very well equipped gym room, tennis courts, ... The main restaurant is okay mainly with Asian food (korean and vietnamese). There..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
26.3 miles from Halong Bay
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Hoa Loi Resort
0 reviews
17.6 miles from Halong Bay
Missing:ExoticResort
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
Homestay T&N
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"It's not really homestay, like small hotel but quite place, unique design, private bathroom with full accommodations. Specially super nice staffs, not really near city center but easy to move to landmarks of city"
Top Rated
Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
Hòn Dấu Resort
24.5 miles from Halong Bay
Coto Jade Island
48.1 miles from Halong Bay
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Exotic Resorts information
Exotic Resorts Halong Bay
Exotic Resorts Prices From
$63
Exotic Resorts Reviews
1,228
Exotic Resorts Photos
1,701
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
