Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
241. Sol An Bang Beach Resort & Spa
119 reviews
72 Nguyen Phan Vinh | Cam An Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
13.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#241 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This place is just perfect, we do love the beach, clean and easy to walk. Alot of chairs to relax. The staff at Sol An Bang, service and the food was very good, Mai & Emma, were very very nice and always happy…”
242. Beachside Boutique Resort Hoi An
133 reviews
25 Nguyen Phan Vinh | Block 2, Tan Thanh, Cam An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.1 miles from Lady Buddha
#242 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...”
243. Allamanda Estate
93 reviews
Dong Na Hamlet | Cam Ha Commune, Hoi An 00235, Vietnam
14.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#243 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“In spite of spending only one night, it was such a great spot to stay away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Just 10min by motorbike or taxi to Hoi An main town, but extremely quite and restful. Villa was...”
244. Santa Sea Hoi An Villa
97 reviews
17 Nguyen Phan Vinh St | Cam An, Hoi An 56000, Vietnam
#244 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful! A family run hotel in a beach side street with such a warm community feel. Absolutely wonderful people. Loved the sea, and sand though the beach is suffering erosion so not the place if you want...”
245. Tra Que Mansion
397 reviews
Tra Que Vegetable Village, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#245 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I spent 4 nights at Tra Que Mansion. It was absolutely lovely! The location was better than what I was expecting - it is close to Hoi An Old Town and the beach by bike, but it is in a nice quiet more rural area…”
2023
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Visit hotel website
246. Cilantro Villa
53 reviews
| Tra Que Village, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#246 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our stay at Cilantro Villa was one of the highlights of our travel through Vietnam and Thailand. The Villa is nestled in the quaint little farming area of Hoi An. We enjoyed the bicycles available to us to ride...”
247. Sea'lavie Boutique Resort & Spa
56 reviews
38 Nguyen Phan Vinh street, Hoi An, Vietnam
#247 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We are spending 3 nights at the Sea’Lavie Resort in late January and so far the experience has been excellent. We were greeted on check-in by friendly staff with excellent English, they arranged a very early...”
248. Boutique Hoi An Resort
2,350 reviews
34 Lac Long Quan Street | Ward Cam An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#248 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Highly recommend...beautiful hotel located in a great spot a little out of town on the beach Shuttle bus goes to town throughout the day but taxis are fine and cheap too Lots of local restaurants across the road...”
249. Beach Haven Suites
31 reviews
21 Nguyen Phan Vinh | Cam An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#249 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great place to stay with a great local community and great staff. Apartment was spacious and could spread out. Great little community with a good mixture of local and Western options for coffee, food and drink...”
250. Home River Villa
49 reviews
Lac Long Quan | Tan Thanh Area, Cam An Ward, An Bang Beach, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.2 miles from Lady Buddha
#250 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“My family and me stayed for three nights in Home River Villa and I will never forget this accommodation and hospitality we were given there. We were welcomed so warmly. The amenity is run by very nice, friendly…”
Monarque Hotel
3,034 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
251. Daisy An Bang Villa & Restaurant
30 reviews
Ki_t 150 Nguy_n Phan Vinh, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
13.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#251 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very friendly and nice staff that make sure you have everything you need. Comfy bed and clean rooms with a nice pool. Just a short walk to the beach and sunbeds for free when you stay at Daysy’s. Breakfast is…”
252. Vy Hoa Hoi An Villas
64 reviews
Group 1, Tan An | Cam An Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
13.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#252 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“What an amazing hotel owner! From the very beginning, the owner of the hotel did everything to make our stay in the best way possible! we spent in Hoi An New Year! We have been invited by him even for a small New...”
253. Palm Garden Resort Hoi An
3,740 reviews
Lac Long Quan Street | Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An, Vietnam
14.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#253 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...”
254. Golden Bell Homestay
512 reviews
69 Hai Thuong Lan Ong, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#254 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The stuff is super kind and helpful. We stayed here for 5 nights and we're super happy to went here. The location is between the beach and the old town. Perfectly available by bike wich you get for free from the...”
255. Hoi An Town Home Resort
37 reviews
Trang Keo Residential Area, Cam Ha, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#255 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Recently my family spent with friends one week vacation in Hoi An where we were staying at Hoian Town Home Resort. It is a wonderfull location that I highly recommend you guys to come and enjoy your stay. This...”
256. Mulberry Collection Silk Village
2,208 reviews
41-43 Pham Van Dong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#256 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed in the Silk Village for two nights during an 18 day tour of Vietnam with Wendy Wu tours. The hotel probably the best we stayed in out of the 7 we stayed in during our tour. The rooms were comfortable...”
257. Binh Yen Homestay
57 reviews
181 Lac Long Quan, Cam An, Hoi An, Vietnam
14.6 miles from Lady Buddha
#257 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“we stayed there for a week with a group of friends. Friendly family, great hospitality.Rooms are spacious and clean, tasty breakfast in the morning. convenience shops and beach within walking distance”
258. Silk Sense Hoi An River Resort
1,372 reviews
01 Dong Da Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#258 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was nice because the room was spacious and the air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...”
259. Athenia Boutique Hotel & Spa
18 reviews
Tuy Nhac Str | An Bang Beach, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#259 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely staff, big bedroom and king size bed. Pool and bar were lovely. Staff very attentive. Good variety for breakfast. They like to chat so it’s encouraged. Hired bikes and ride around the beautiful rice...”
260. Horizon Homestay Hoi An
106 reviews
23 Xuan Dieu Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#260 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This beautiful family cannot do enough to help in terms of recommendations, bookings and even arranged a scooter for us. They offer free bicycle hire and are located a short ride to the Old Town and Night Markets...”
261. Chez Mimosa Hoi An Blue Villa
11 reviews
Lot 1101, Trang Keo Lake, Cam Ha Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#261 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Magnificent experience! The hospitality of my hosts was impeccable, they even helped me tremendously with a personal problem which they resolved promptly and generously. Speaking of the hotel, it is located in a...”
262. The Little Library Villa Hoi An
24 reviews
188 Ton Duc Thang, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#262 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed with 2 mates for 3 nights in august. Great place, has pool and family was very helpful and accommodating. Rooms were very clean and had a/c and a fan. The breakfast was very good and a very reasonable…”
263. December Hoi An Villa
25 reviews
99 Pham Van Dong | Tan An Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#263 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel is at a comfortable location (around 2km ) from the center. Absolutely loved the staff. They are so polite and always ready to help. Would recommed it to anyone who wants something to stay a bit away…”
264. Blooms Boutique Village
66 reviews
85 Le H_ng Phong | Cẩm Hà, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#264 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Super super nice and friendly staff, perfect location, good quality building complex in a beautiful garden. We stayed one full week and enjoyed very much. Bicycles are available for free, a great way to explore…”
265. Summer Holiday Villa
17 reviews
78, Hai Thuong Lan Ong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
14.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#265 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely place in a great location, not far from the beach or Hoi An Ancient town. Host is lovely, very helpful and knowledgeable. Even had a leak in our room and moved us to a bigger room for no extra charge.”
266. Hometown Villa
16 reviews
Huynh Thuc Khang Street, Hoi An 650000, Vietnam
#266 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel has my strong recommendation. Good value for money. The staff provided us with some great advice on travelling in Vietnam. We were even taken out to dinner to enjoy some great traditional Vietnamese...”
267. Hoianation Villas Hotel
28 reviews
19 Huynh Thuc Khang | Tan An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#267 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed with the family and enjoyed it. The staff was very helpful and arranged the transport within the city and to the airport. Rooms were clean and maintained. All the places are accessible from this hotel…”
268. OYO 469 Ly's Villa Hoi An
14 reviews
05, Xuan Dieu, Tan An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#268 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Best Hostel I’ve ever stayed at omg! Ly is the best, you have to stay here if you get the chance!!! She is so friendly and makes you feel at home. She is so thoughtful and takes care of you in many ways. For...”
269. Silkian Hoian Hotel & Spa
07 Le Dinh Tham, Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
14.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#269 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Returned after a year and they are a 4 star hotel now which is well deserved. High service level, beautifull rooms, great pool with fluffy towels who can used at the beach too. Good asian and western breakfast and...”
270. The Linh Homestay
31 Ngo Si Lien | Tan An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#270 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I love this place and the family that runs it. They bent over backwards to make sure I had a great stay. The room was a great value and very clean. They provided me a scooter as well as directions and suggestions...”
Previous
Next
1…7891011…
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
72 Nguyen Phan Vinh
Cam An Ward
Hoi An 560000,
This place is just perfect, we do love the beach, clean and easy to walk. Alot of chairs to relax. The staff at Sol An Bang, service and the food was very good, Mai & Emma, were very very nice and always happy…
This place is just perfect, we do love the beach,
clean and easy to walk. Alot of chairs to relax. The staff at Sol An Bang, service and the food was very good, Mai & Emma, were very very nice and always happy…
25 Nguyen Phan Vinh
Block 2, Tan Thanh, Cam An
This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...
This is the perfect CLEAN hostel to go to that is
chill but super sociable if you want it to be. It’s on the beach, lovely pool, organised shuttle busses to the old town which was ideal! There’s a stunning bar...
Dong Na Hamlet
Cam Ha Commune
Hoi An 00235,
In spite of spending only one night, it was such a great spot to stay away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Just 10min by motorbike or taxi to Hoi An main town, but extremely quite and restful. Villa was...
In spite of spending only one night, it was such
a great spot to stay away from the hustle and bustle of city life. Just 10min by motorbike or taxi to Hoi An main town, but extremely quite and restful. Villa was...
17 Nguyen Phan Vinh St
Cam An
Hoi An 56000,
Wonderful! A family run hotel in a beach side street with such a warm community feel. Absolutely wonderful people. Loved the sea, and sand though the beach is suffering erosion so not the place if you want...
Wonderful! A family run hotel in a beach side
street with such a warm community feel. Absolutely wonderful people. Loved the sea, and sand though the beach is suffering erosion so not the place if you want...
Tra Que Vegetable Village
I spent 4 nights at Tra Que Mansion. It was absolutely lovely! The location was better than what I was expecting - it is close to Hoi An Old Town and the beach by bike, but it is in a nice quiet more rural area…
I spent 4 nights at Tra Que Mansion. It was
absolutely lovely! The location was better than what I was expecting - it is close to Hoi An Old Town and the beach by bike, but it is in a nice quiet more rural area…
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
Tra Que Village
Our stay at Cilantro Villa was one of the highlights of our travel through Vietnam and Thailand. The Villa is nestled in the quaint little farming area of Hoi An. We enjoyed the bicycles available to us to ride...
Our stay at Cilantro Villa was one of the
highlights of our travel through Vietnam and Thailand. The Villa is nestled in the quaint little farming area of Hoi An. We enjoyed the bicycles available to us to ride...
38 Nguyen Phan Vinh street
Hoi An,
We are spending 3 nights at the Sea’Lavie Resort in late January and so far the experience has been excellent. We were greeted on check-in by friendly staff with excellent English, they arranged a very early...
We are spending 3 nights at the Sea’Lavie Resort
in late January and so far the experience has been excellent. We were greeted on check-in by friendly staff with excellent English, they arranged a very early...
34 Lac Long Quan Street
Ward Cam An
Highly recommend...beautiful hotel located in a great spot a little out of town on the beach Shuttle bus goes to town throughout the day but taxis are fine and cheap too Lots of local restaurants across the road...
Highly recommend...beautiful hotel located in a
great spot a little out of town on the beach Shuttle bus goes to town throughout the day but taxis are fine and cheap too Lots of local restaurants across the road...
21 Nguyen Phan Vinh
Great place to stay with a great local community and great staff. Apartment was spacious and could spread out. Great little community with a good mixture of local and Western options for coffee, food and drink...
Great place to stay with a great local community
and great staff. Apartment was spacious and could spread out. Great little community with a good mixture of local and Western options for coffee, food and drink...
Lac Long Quan
Tan Thanh Area, Cam An Ward, An Bang Beach
My family and me stayed for three nights in Home River Villa and I will never forget this accommodation and hospitality we were given there. We were welcomed so warmly. The amenity is run by very nice, friendly…
My family and me stayed for three nights in Home
River Villa and I will never forget this accommodation and hospitality we were given there. We were welcomed so warmly. The amenity is run by very nice, friendly…
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ki_t 150 Nguy_n Phan Vinh
Very friendly and nice staff that make sure you have everything you need. Comfy bed and clean rooms with a nice pool. Just a short walk to the beach and sunbeds for free when you stay at Daysy’s. Breakfast is…
Very friendly and nice staff that make sure you
have everything you need. Comfy bed and clean rooms with a nice pool. Just a short walk to the beach and sunbeds for free when you stay at Daysy’s. Breakfast is…
Group 1, Tan An
What an amazing hotel owner! From the very beginning, the owner of the hotel did everything to make our stay in the best way possible! we spent in Hoi An New Year! We have been invited by him even for a small New...
What an amazing hotel owner! From the very
beginning, the owner of the hotel did everything to make our stay in the best way possible! we spent in Hoi An New Year! We have been invited by him even for a small New...
Lac Long Quan Street
Cua Dai Beach
Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...
Beautiful hotel with amazing staff. A relaxing
end to a magical holiday across Vietnam and Cambodia. The hotel provided us with a serene setting by the sea, but within easy reach of lively Hoi An. The food and...
69 Hai Thuong Lan Ong
Hoi An 51000,
The stuff is super kind and helpful. We stayed here for 5 nights and we're super happy to went here. The location is between the beach and the old town. Perfectly available by bike wich you get for free from the...
The stuff is super kind and helpful. We stayed
here for 5 nights and we're super happy to went here. The location is between the beach and the old town. Perfectly available by bike wich you get for free from the...
Trang Keo Residential Area, Cam Ha
Recently my family spent with friends one week vacation in Hoi An where we were staying at Hoian Town Home Resort. It is a wonderfull location that I highly recommend you guys to come and enjoy your stay. This...
Recently my family spent with friends one week
vacation in Hoi An where we were staying at Hoian Town Home Resort. It is a wonderfull location that I highly recommend you guys to come and enjoy your stay. This...
41-43 Pham Van Dong
We stayed in the Silk Village for two nights during an 18 day tour of Vietnam with Wendy Wu tours. The hotel probably the best we stayed in out of the 7 we stayed in during our tour. The rooms were comfortable...
We stayed in the Silk Village for two nights
during an 18 day tour of Vietnam with Wendy Wu tours. The hotel probably the best we stayed in out of the 7 we stayed in during our tour. The rooms were comfortable...
181 Lac Long Quan, Cam An
we stayed there for a week with a group of friends. Friendly family, great hospitality.Rooms are spacious and clean, tasty breakfast in the morning. convenience shops and beach within walking distance
we stayed there for a week with a group of
friends. Friendly family, great hospitality.Rooms are spacious and clean, tasty breakfast in the morning. convenience shops and beach within walking distance
01 Dong Da Street
It was nice because the room was spacious and the air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...
It was nice because the room was spacious and the
air conditioner worked well. The staff were so kind and there were many classes, so I was able to get to know Vietnam well. The meal is so delicious that I would...
Tuy Nhac Str
An Bang Beach
Lovely staff, big bedroom and king size bed. Pool and bar were lovely. Staff very attentive. Good variety for breakfast. They like to chat so it’s encouraged. Hired bikes and ride around the beautiful rice...
Lovely staff, big bedroom and king size bed.
Pool and bar were lovely. Staff very attentive. Good variety for breakfast. They like to chat so it’s encouraged. Hired bikes and ride around the beautiful rice...
23 Xuan Dieu Street
This beautiful family cannot do enough to help in terms of recommendations, bookings and even arranged a scooter for us. They offer free bicycle hire and are located a short ride to the Old Town and Night Markets...
This beautiful family cannot do enough to help in
terms of recommendations, bookings and even arranged a scooter for us. They offer free bicycle hire and are located a short ride to the Old Town and Night Markets...
Lot 1101, Trang Keo Lake, Cam Ha Ward
Magnificent experience! The hospitality of my hosts was impeccable, they even helped me tremendously with a personal problem which they resolved promptly and generously. Speaking of the hotel, it is located in a...
Magnificent experience! The hospitality of my
hosts was impeccable, they even helped me tremendously with a personal problem which they resolved promptly and generously. Speaking of the hotel, it is located in a...
188 Ton Duc Thang
Stayed with 2 mates for 3 nights in august. Great place, has pool and family was very helpful and accommodating. Rooms were very clean and had a/c and a fan. The breakfast was very good and a very reasonable…
Stayed with 2 mates for 3 nights in august. Great
place, has pool and family was very helpful and accommodating. Rooms were very clean and had a/c and a fan. The breakfast was very good and a very reasonable…
99 Pham Van Dong
Tan An Ward
The hotel is at a comfortable location (around 2km ) from the center. Absolutely loved the staff. They are so polite and always ready to help. Would recommed it to anyone who wants something to stay a bit away…
The hotel is at a comfortable location (around
2km ) from the center. Absolutely loved the staff. They are so polite and always ready to help. Would recommed it to anyone who wants something to stay a bit away…
85 Le H_ng Phong
Cẩm Hà
Super super nice and friendly staff, perfect location, good quality building complex in a beautiful garden. We stayed one full week and enjoyed very much. Bicycles are available for free, a great way to explore…
Super super nice and friendly staff, perfect
location, good quality building complex in a beautiful garden. We stayed one full week and enjoyed very much. Bicycles are available for free, a great way to explore…
78, Hai Thuong Lan Ong
Lovely place in a great location, not far from the beach or Hoi An Ancient town. Host is lovely, very helpful and knowledgeable. Even had a leak in our room and moved us to a bigger room for no extra charge.
Lovely place in a great location, not far from
the beach or Hoi An Ancient town. Host is lovely, very helpful and knowledgeable. Even had a leak in our room and moved us to a bigger room for no extra charge.
Huynh Thuc Khang Street
Hoi An 650000,
This hotel has my strong recommendation. Good value for money. The staff provided us with some great advice on travelling in Vietnam. We were even taken out to dinner to enjoy some great traditional Vietnamese...
This hotel has my strong recommendation. Good
value for money. The staff provided us with some great advice on travelling in Vietnam. We were even taken out to dinner to enjoy some great traditional Vietnamese...
19 Huynh Thuc Khang
Tan An
We stayed with the family and enjoyed it. The staff was very helpful and arranged the transport within the city and to the airport. Rooms were clean and maintained. All the places are accessible from this hotel…
We stayed with the family and enjoyed it. The
staff was very helpful and arranged the transport within the city and to the airport. Rooms were clean and maintained. All the places are accessible from this hotel…
05, Xuan Dieu, Tan An
Best Hostel I’ve ever stayed at omg! Ly is the best, you have to stay here if you get the chance!!! She is so friendly and makes you feel at home. She is so thoughtful and takes care of you in many ways. For...
Best Hostel I’ve ever stayed at omg! Ly is the
best, you have to stay here if you get the chance!!! She is so friendly and makes you feel at home. She is so thoughtful and takes care of you in many ways. For...
07 Le Dinh Tham, Cam Chau Ward
Returned after a year and they are a 4 star hotel now which is well deserved. High service level, beautifull rooms, great pool with fluffy towels who can used at the beach too. Good asian and western breakfast and...
Returned after a year and they are a 4 star hotel
now which is well deserved. High service level, beautifull rooms, great pool with fluffy towels who can used at the beach too. Good asian and western breakfast and...
31 Ngo Si Lien
I love this place and the family that runs it. They bent over backwards to make sure I had a great stay. The room was a great value and very clean. They provided me a scooter as well as directions and suggestions...
I love this place and the family that runs it.
They bent over backwards to make sure I had a great stay. The room was a great value and very clean. They provided me a scooter as well as directions and suggestions...
1
…
7
8
9
10
11
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
