Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayNature & parks in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Parks & Nature Attractions
Nature & Parks in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nightlife
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Sights & Landmarks
Fun & Games
Caverns & Caves
Islands
Beaches
Bodies of Water
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Big Groups
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
19 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Bay
11,389
By kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the beauty and tranquility of Halong Bay.
See tours
2. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
Recommended Outdoor Activities (897)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Recommended by 96% of travelers
Adventure Tours
from $125 per adult
2023
Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Recommended by 99% of travelers
Full-day Tours
from $38 per adult
3. Sung Sot Cave
By Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of nature Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4. Dau Go Cave
713
By 434jainc
The visit to the cave was the highlight of the trip to Halong bay. It is a sight never to be missed. You can have time...
5. Dong Thien Cung
571
By Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a natural wonder.
6. Castaway Island
556
Open now
By gabzam1
Castaway island was the highlight of my trip to vietnam, couldn't recommend it more. Staff, location, activities and...
7. Ti Top Island
1,136
By G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the view of the bay.
8. Hon Ga Choi Island
248
By rawleyl
BOTTOM LINE: Do not forget about the camera of yours! The Kissing Chicken Rock (Hon Ga Choi) formation is entertaining...
9. Tien Ong Cave
44
By HalongEscapeSails
The cave is nice, cool inside but crowed. So sometimes we needed to go very slowly after other people.
10. Soi Sim Island
37
By chiallasiatravel
the beach is very quiet, we enjoy swimming there. Water is clear and the beach is nice to kayak surround.
11. Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
By jasmin_lala
„Our“ lady was very mean when we just wanted to park our scooter in front of her entrance in the afternoon, so we mov...
12. Bai Chay Beach
47
By Journey746674
We will contact to you for next time. It's Perfect.Thank you so much. We have a good time and good memories in Halong.
13. Me Cung Cave
10
By htaccountants
visiting the cave was prearranged & booked by our tour manager.our guide took us there in small boat from cruise...
14. Dark & Light Cave
2
By Kennyguide
Booked a day tour on private chartered junk to explore Halong bay and Lan Ha bay from Cai Beo pier. We had a wonderful...
15. Vuon Canh Treo Tranh Viet Nam
1
Parks
16. Ti Top Beach
78
By jundavid0908
If you are not going for a swim, just enjoy the great view of Halong Bay from the beach....
17. tiNiWorld
Playgrounds • Game & Entertainment Centers
18. Thien Canh Son Cave
42
By Brissyblonde
The walk up the steps to the cave entrance was manageable. I stopped to rest but realised I was at the entrance. The...
19. Trinh Nu Beach
What travelers are saying
GillandJack
Redditch, UK24 contributions
0
HALONG off the beaten track
We had a wonderful morning with Si from KAB Travel HaLong Bay who took us to the main tourist places of interest in HaLong as well as to local places well off the tourist track. Eating amazing chicken noodle soup in a local street side cafe and drinking Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk high up in the hills were memorable experiences.
Si was very courteous, efficient and caring. He guided me through the slippery fish market and over the busy roads. His English was excellent and he was just a lovely person to be with.
The pagoda we visited with him was the best we saw all holiday , so peaceful and calm.
I would thoroughly recommend Si and his company.
Read more
Review of: Halong Bay
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Kade T
6 contributions
3 days/2 nights cruise
We joined 3 days / 2 nights cruise to this area. It's less crowded. Very beautiful scenery. Highlight of our trip in Vietnam.
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay
Written February 19, 2024
haram B
2 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
Tantanlee
Nice walking cave in Halong
It is nice cave of Halong Bay and it is nice cave of limestone mountains to visit. It takes about 45 minutes for walking. Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us. A good company
Review of: Dau Go Cave
Written February 18, 2023
Discover56156625886
1 contribution
Thien Cung Cave
So crowde if you come here in the summer, althought this cave is special. Maybe must try when you travel Ha Long Bay
Review of: Dong Thien Cung
Written September 28, 2023
Emma
Great 3 days
3 of us all went on the 3 day 2 night tour. We all had a great time and met so many friends that we ended up catching up with multiple times after the tour. Would highly recommend this tour if your solo and wanting to make friends quick and easily. No wifi for 3 days meant everyone was always talking and socializing. The food is pretty average but the drinks are dirt cheap. Expect to have sand though everything by the end off the tour. Unfortunately the showers were also cold. The staff were great however were not as involved as you would expect. Overall had an amazing 3 days and would 100% recommend to those who love to party.
Review of: Castaway Island
Written February 26, 2020
MizuhoK
Hino, Japan3,282 contributions
Sad to see many PET bottle garbage
The island is named after Russian cosmonaut. This was the first stop during the tour. We were asked to choose either, hiking or swimming. We chose hiking. It was quite a tough one! It was really a hot and humid day. The stairs are quite steep and narrow. There were lots of tourists, you needed to walk carefully for up and down , not to slip or hit.
The view from top was beautiful. You get sweaty!
We saw people swimming at beach. Looked fun in such a hot day at less wave beach.
It was very sad to see tons of PET bottle garbage were not only in trash bins but also everywhere in the island. Maybe tourists brought drinks here and threw them away when finished. When we entered the cruise ship, we were asked not to bring in PET bottles. Only glass bottles were sold in the cruise ship. So there should have be no PET bottles in the island but there were.
We must behave to preserve the great nature.
Review of: Ti Top Island
Written September 2, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
Halong Bay symbol
These are two rocks emerging from the sea, however with an interesting form of two chicken fighting or kissing.
As our tour guide explained, they became a symbol o Halong Bay with many souvenirs with them.
Review of: Hon Ga Choi Island
Written February 11, 2024
Brilliant Pottery
Palm Beach, FL32 contributions
Natural wonder
Wow such a natural wonder. The cave shows the stalagmites, and the formation over thousands of years.
Review of: Tien Ong Cave
Written October 13, 2019
chiallasiatravel
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam211 contributions
Nice place for swim!
Review of: Soi Sim Island
Written August 9, 2017
Shannon
Suva, Fiji1,034 contributions
Old Lady Blue Door
The mountains officially closed and rightly so unless you're a law breaker than attempt it at your own risk. So the old lady was supposedly the safest way to get up there because she's behind the wall or something. All you need to do is walk through her blue door and her dog will alert her. Don't worry the dogs are harmless and there's more dogs on the roof around five of them. As soon as she saw me she said it cost 500k, after you pay she takes you to the back on the roof. It didn't look that difficult until I had to lift an unstable ladder up the hillside then position it up against a 4 metre cliff. Which she indicated you had to climb over. Once seeing how dangerous it was I told her I wasn't going to do it and gave her 200k for wasting her time as she's quite elderly. Overall a brilliant mountain just a shame it's closed off. Recommend waiting for it to officially reopen and that you should visit other mountains.
Review of: Bai Tho Mountain
Written January 28, 2024
BuiAnh
Halong Bay, Vietnam9 contributions
Good place to relax
I have to say that it was so crowded when I came there. It's hard to find a quiet place for sunbathing! Close at 6pm!
Review of: Bai Chay Beach
Written August 11, 2018
htaccountants
Leicester, UK148 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE/STAY
visiting the cave was prearranged & booked by our tour manager.our guide took us there in small boat from cruise ship.visit is not suitable for people with disability,asthma etc.guide warns you of steep steps.there are warning notices outside the cave. the entrance to cave is narrow and as oneway entrance&exit is always crowded.have to mind your head as some part of cave is very law&narrow.no men made steps so have to be very careful once entering the cave.1 hour is enough,there is a small beach nearby as option but there too steps are very steep/difficult.we went up the steps from cave to get a amazing view of halong bay.worth a visit if fit.
Review of: Me Cung Cave
Written May 6, 2018
Rogé G
Toulouse, France3 contributions
Kayaking to this cave on a sunny morning
Beautiful caves in a large area. The day I visited was sunny so the water looked crystal clear. So glad I woke up early to visit the caves
Review of: Dark & Light Cave
Mark D
Penang Island, Malaysia1,304 contributions
4
A Pleasant & Peaceful all natural place!!!
Ha Long Bay (and the city by that name) have become a major tourism attraction in recent years.... By December 2018 it had attracted over 15 million visitors--- and is in the midst of a huge building boom... meant to attract more visitors as well as add to the Tourism infrastructure!! This attraction is quite a contrast to many of the new attractions inasmuch as it is "Natural", quiet and very beautiful [in many ways like the spirit of the nearby and extensive set of "Limestone formations/Karshes". If you wish to find a place to "absorb" the natural beauty of the Ha Long Bay Region, this is a great place to do so!!

I hope that this Review has been helpful>
Review of: Vuon Canh Treo Tranh Viet Nam
Written December 20, 2018
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for nature & parks in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for nature & parks in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best nature & parks in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best nature & parks in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best nature & parks in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best nature & parks in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic nature & parks in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best nature & parks in Halong Bay for adventurous travelers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Nature & parks in Halong Bay
1.
kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the
beauty
and tranquility of Halong Bay.
2.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and
of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
learn more
3.
Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of
nature
Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4.
434jainc
5.
Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a
natural wonder
.
6.
gabzam1
7.
G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the
view of the bay
8.
rawleyl
9.
HalongEscapeSails
10.
11.
jasmin_lala
„Our“ lady was very mean when we just wanted to
park
our scooter in front of her entrance in the afternoon, so we mov...
12.
Journey746674
13.
14.
Kennyguide
15.
16.
jundavid0908
17.
18.
Brissyblonde
19.
Redditch, UK
24 contributions
Hino, Japan
3,282 contributions
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
Palm Beach, FL
32 contributions
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
211 contributions
Suva, Fiji
1,034 contributions
Halong Bay, Vietnam
9 contributions
Leicester, UK
148 contributions
Toulouse, France
3 contributions
Penang Island, Malaysia
1,304 contributions
