Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Indoor pool
Time Lotus Hotel 2
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
Ha Long Waves
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
Tuấn Vũ Hotel
Sen Hồng Lotus Hotel
Au Lac Legend Hotel
0.7 miles from Halong Bay
Hoang Yen Luxury Hotel
Tran Dat Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
Green Bay Hotel
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
Green Bay Hotel Ha Long
Minh Phat Hotel
Khach San Moon Hotel
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
Lairfit Bai Tho Halong
Babylon Ha Long Hotel
Paris Boutique Hotel
Dragon Hotel
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
Ocean Dragon Hotel Halong
Bao Minh Radiant Hotel
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
Le Theatre Cruises - Wonder on Lan Ha Bay
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
Tuần Châu Resort Hạ Lọng
360.8 miles from Halong Bay
Minh Đức Hotel Tuần Châu
Winds Bay Hotel
3.9 miles from Halong Bay
Tuan Chau HQT Hotel
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
Missing:Hotels & MotelsIndoor pool
Halong Backpackers Hostel
19 reviews
In Halong Bay
#67 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The bar is the best place to be on NYE. The music started slow with Ed Shearing and moved on to rock. The beer was flowing and people were dancing until 4am. Great atmosphere. There were many Westerners from the USA..."
"The laundry service there made my clothes smelly. I have a smelly vacation in Halong bay. Although the staff can say English and helpful. Halong bay is rainy frequently. After 24 hours, the clothes are still wet..."
Viet Nhat Halong Hotel
42 reviews
#7 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with very nice and helpful owners. The place is also clean and the shower was good. Warm water because every room has it’s own boiler. We had a great stay. The mattresses are a bit firm though but that’s..."
"Perched on a slope of one of the hills surrounding Halong, this hotel was situated conveniently. Glide down the hill and you get to the food, banks, coffeeshops and tourist attractions. We got the top room. Nice and..."
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
Halong Party Hostel & Hotel
118 reviews
#14 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Headed to Halong Bay from Hanoi and booked this hotel because it looked decent enough for the £7 a night for a double room. Once we arrived, staff was very friendly, check in super quick and we got to enjoy the Sun..."
"Staff is wonderful. Rooms are pretty clean. Not a crazy party hostel like your expecting with the name but still very chill and fun. Honestly not alot of party hostels in the area anyway. Room was 90.000d and free..."
Halong Buddy Inn & Travel
12 reviews
#29 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I stayed in this hostel for one night. Halong city is beautiful, and this hostel is located in a good location. Not too far from the amusement park with lots of cools shops and restaurants around it. The rooms are..."
"Very friendly and welcoming! Full body massage with hot stones by the most friendly lady is a must! Happy hour with free beer from 8-9pm for supper is nice. Food good. Stayed in room 502- Comfy beds and balcony"
Halong Happy Hostel
119 reviews
#3 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We only wanted one night, but stayed there two, because it is a lovely place. Friendly staff who are willing to help you arranging every trip (especially ha long bay) nice people, a wonderful atmosphere, nice rooms "
"My friend and I was backpacking and went to the hostel. The staff spoke some english, and were happy to help with our travels. A free beer at night, makes a great starter for talking to others at the hostel and even..."
Iris Hotel
#26 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff here are great and helped us a lot in preparation for our 1 night - 2 day trip to Ha Long Bay. They organised a private car transfer and day boat trip for US $72 per person (2 people traveling) which was..."
"Seemed to be a brand new hotel. Very clean, giant room and bathrooms, some toiletries provided, comfy bed, good wifi, quiet. In the city local type hotel... and very nice! They can set up tours and bus tickets..."
Top Rated
2023
The Light Hotel
275 reviews
#1 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The Light Hostel is a wonderful oasis of tranquility and relaxation, where guests can unwind and recharge in a stylish and modern setting. The friendly staff and cozy atmosphere make every visitor feel right at..."
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
5
6
7
8
9
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
