Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Dong Thien Cung, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Dong Thien Cung
View map
Hotels near Dong Thien Cung
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Dong Thien Cung
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
793 of 1,929 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Dong Thien Cung

31. The Yacht Hotel by DC
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
33 reviews
258 Bai Chay Road, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
2.8 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#31 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…”
Top Rated
2023
32. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong | Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000, Vietnam
2.9 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#32 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…”
33. Nin Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#33 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)”
34. Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
3 reviews
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…”
35. Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
LT20 Ha Long Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
36. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...”
37. 1925 Boutique Hotel
1 review
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...”
38. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
Ha Long , Bai Chay, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…”
39. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...”
40. A25 Hotel - Bai Chay Ha Long
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao | Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
41. Ha Long New Day Hotel
To 5, Khu 9, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
42. Halong Centrica Hotel
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street, Ha Long, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...”
43. Halong Lavender Hotel
Ha Long Road | Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
44. Marina Hotel
8 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street | 05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...”
45. Elysinam Boutique Hotel
10 reviews
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...”
46. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
47. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
Dong Hung Thang Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…”
48. Galaxy Halong Hotel
15 Tien Ong Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
49. The Yen Residences Halong
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long | Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 011000, Vietnam
3.0 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#49 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...”
50. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng | Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...”
51. Zo D'boutique Hotel
28 29 30 Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…”
52. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
53. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...”
54. The Secret HaLong
5 reviews
Sun Premier Halong Village, Ha Long, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…”
55. Bach Dang Hotel
No 2 Ha Long, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
56. Atlantic Hotel
6 reviews
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area | 842 048, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…”
57. Halong Diamond Hotel
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...”
58. Buu Dien Ha Long
Ha Long Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...”
59. The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
Ha Long Rd. | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...”
60. Ha Long Eden Hotel
No 01 Ha Long Street | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Dong Thien Cung
793 of 1,929 properties
Clear all filters
258 Bai Chay Road
Ha Long 200000,
Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…
Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that
really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong
Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000,
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and
tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village
Ha Long 01000,
The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
The owners where nice friendly and helped with
good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza
Halong Bay,
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel.
They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
LT20 Ha Long Street
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St
Halong Bay 200000,
This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
This four star hotel, is part of one of the
larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung
Ha Long,
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so
sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Ha Long , Bai Chay
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay ,
the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on,
with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao
Bai Chay
To 5, Khu 9
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel
like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
Ha Long Road
Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01119,
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice
The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01100,
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an
early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
Dong Hung Thang Road
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like
that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
15 Tien Ong Street
Bai Chay Ward
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long
Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 011000,
Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
Everything was so good as i was surprised the
price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng
Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ
Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
Great experience liked the facilities they
have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
28 29 30 Thuy Tung
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good
breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one
there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
Sun Premier Halong Village
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every
Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
No 2 Ha Long
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area
842 048
I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
I have to say that the whole area where the
cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4
We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
We arrived at this hotel with not very high
expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had
during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
Ha Long Rd.
Bai Chay Beach
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds
and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
No 01 Ha Long Street
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the
reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
