Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
46 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
31. Halong Spring Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
12 reviews
#31 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
32. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#32 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
33. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#33 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
34. Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
#34 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here."
"We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked..."
35. Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
#35 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
36. Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#36 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
37. Kenny Hotel
20 reviews
#37 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities are..."
"Located a bit far from Halong Bay itself, and seems to focus its trade on tour groups (like ours!). Fairly new hotel and caters for the digital age with power points everywhere! Unfortunately, the toiletries were..."
38. Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#38 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
39. Catba Water Park Resort
3 reviews
#39 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
40. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
#40 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is..."
41. Green Capital Hotel
#41 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night..."
"The horrible experience started with the try to get to the Hotel. The adress wasn't known to the taxi drivers of Ha Long City. After a trip through the half of the city the driver was able to find the hotel. So we..."
42. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#42 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels changed..."
"This hotel is very nice but somebody needs to train the staff. We walked into the foyez to find no receptionist and the staff playing cards. We had to interrupt their game to get someone to help us. We said: "Hello..."
43. Blue Sky Hotel
#43 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do..."
"Context: stayed in the hotel on a staff team trip with a local company. Rates were clearly very cheap to handle our limited budget. So what could we expect? I only hoped for it to be clean. Result: My room was..."
44. Atlantic Hotel
6 reviews
#44 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it was..."
"As we were doing a Halong Bay cruise the next day I was looking for a cheap hotel to stay the night in. Regrettably, not checking on TA before booking was the biggest mistake ever. When we arrived it was dark and..."
45. Ha Long Eden Hotel
#45 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly..."
"We had initially plan to stay in Halong for 2 days. Our experience with the people reduced that to one day. What ever you do, SHOP around and check out the rooms BEFORE you agree to stay at the hotels in Halong..."
46. Halong Lucky Hotel
0 reviews
#46 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Non-smoking hotel
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
The Light Hotel
275 reviews
In Halong Bay
#1 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The Light Hostel is a wonderful oasis of tranquility and relaxation, where guests can unwind and recharge in a stylish and modern setting. The friendly staff and cozy atmosphere make every visitor feel right at..."
Ha Long Fancy Hostel
49 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"I spent only 2 nights in the hostel. It was difficult to leave. Very nice welcome, helpful, very clean, curtains, a.c. 24/7, good breakfast, I hope to visit once more. Thanks a lot to everybody in the hostel."
"Many foreigners in that hotel. As the others hotels I stayed staff are friendly and helpful and funny. The only thing I didn’t like is the fact that day it was so hot and I checked out at 12 as usual. My bus to..."
Guesthouse VIP Hoa Lan
16 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I paid approximately £39 for three nights and had a great time staying here. The owner is called Lan and he is a very friendly guy that made me feel at home while I was there. My room was spacious with new..."
"We arrived in the middle of the night at 3am unannounced and the owner was so kind with us, he gave us a big room and took time to explain everything. Clean room, great vue. Can’t thank you enough for this last..."
Halo Bay Homestay
40 reviews
#2 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff are so friendly and helpful. Hien the host send over lots of great ideas of what to do when we were there. Ha long is such a beautiful place. I feel very lucky to have gone here. The food was delicious and..."
"The Location is very convenient, just aside the main road. The home is very clean and silent. The owners are cooperative. The beds are good with a locker below them. Toilets are clean with all needed facilities. A..."
Vanilla Ha Long Villas
10 reviews
#19 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Our group of 26 people stayed here for two nights, one one on either side of our wedding which was aboard a boat in Ha Long Bay. I truly cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were just AMAZING. As a big..."
"This hotel is really nice. Very large, clean room and very comfortable. Staff are really nice and very helpful. The only downside is that the area is being developed and a large construction is going on in the..."
Aroma Ha Long Hostel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We loved our stay!! Very relaxing and the staff were so good, the man who works In reception helped us with booking our trips and both man and woman staff every morning made us fresh breakfast served hot! Great..."
"Fantastic person and location ! And everything was so clean and comfortable. 👍😁 The free breakfast was so good and tasty. Then And also i could booked a cheaper tour for Ha long Bay. Thank you for everything! 😁"
Thien Duong Motel
9 reviews
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"One of the best companies to book a cruise and sale through Ha Long Bay and Cat Ba Island. The guys who attend you are very kind and helpful and you have so many tipes of different trips to book. Totally recommend."
"Good people, that u can trust. The boat that we book was like in the photos (oasis bay). The motel is very nice and clean. We search for another boat trip and this one was the better choice. Recomend this"
Tom's Family Hotel
22 reviews
#4 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"My friend & I are travelling Vietnam & needed a place to stay after our Halong cruise. Great little place. Walking distance to restaurants & the cable car. We are ladies travelling alone & we were well looked after..."
"We spent a night in this family run hotel before our Halong Bay cruise. The hotel is comfortable and the hosts are very nice especially Tom who went out of his way to ensure we safely made our way to the harbrour..."
Halong Happy Hostel
119 reviews
#3 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We only wanted one night, but stayed there two, because it is a lovely place. Friendly staff who are willing to help you arranging every trip (especially ha long bay) nice people, a wonderful atmosphere, nice rooms "
"My friend and I was backpacking and went to the hostel. The staff spoke some english, and were happy to help with our travels. A free beer at night, makes a great starter for talking to others at the hostel and even..."
Pearl Hotel
#5 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I traveled with my family, and the hotel is great! We booked a Studio Suite Bay View and a Deluxe Village View Room so the view from the hotel is really nice. It is quite new, and the room is nice. The food at the..."
Le Pont Minh Chau Hotel
1 review
#52 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Good: room size quite ok, have external window, garden view, people friendly, nice location Bad: - smelly, mosquito in room. - travel with 3 other people, we did ask for extra bed but just a mastress provided..."
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Halong Party Hostel & Hotel
118 reviews
#14 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Headed to Halong Bay from Hanoi and booked this hotel because it looked decent enough for the £7 a night for a double room. Once we arrived, staff was very friendly, check in super quick and we got to enjoy the Sun..."
"Staff is wonderful. Rooms are pretty clean. Not a crazy party hostel like your expecting with the name but still very chill and fun. Honestly not alot of party hostels in the area anyway. Room was 90.000d and free..."
Grand Halong Hotel
#10 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"loud, run down and overall depressing. I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone. We stayed in a tower that really seemed like it was soviet block era bad. two stars are for the good view but it comes with very loud..."
"Place had all you needed but the staff was great. Gave us free water and beer. Also helped us to get an amazing trip on a day cruise in halong bay. They speak great English as well. I Highly recommend!"
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
46 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
