Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Lounge
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Lounge in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Executive Lounge Access
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Executive Lounge Access
Sea Pearl Cat Ba Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#49 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly impressed..."
Lyberty Hotel And Apartment
In Hai Phong
#76 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
#77 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a..."
"Nestled in son gia golf course, the resort is very nice with a big swimming pool, a very well equipped gym room, tennis courts, ... The main restaurant is okay mainly with Asian food (korean and vietnamese). There..."
Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
#78 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
Camela Hotel & Resort
#79 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place, it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great."
"a reasonably well priced resort in hai phong located near the industrial area. vast space surrounding the hotel area with a big swimming pool. a word of caution though, could not find the depth of water mentioned..."
Novatel Hotel & Apartment
#80 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This is one of the best hotel I have ever stayed. My room was very spacious, clean and quite. Staffs were really really friendly and the price was resonable. It's really hard to find a new hotel with that price..."
Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
24.3 miles from Hai Phong
#50 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!"
"We came here with a two day tour and extended our stay in the resort by three nights. Ocean Tours is very well organised, so everything went smoothly. We went kayaking (day one, in Halong Bay) and cycling (day two..."
Intro Residence Hotel
#83 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Sunshine Cat Ba Hotel
#84 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious..."
Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
#85 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell..."
"Nice and Clean hotel. The Beds are a bit hard. But the room have a decent size. Its quite affordable. There wasnt much to do around but it was night stay on my way to Cat Ba island. The staff have difficulty in..."
Motel Mai Ve
#86 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Easy and cheap accommodation very close to the airport in Hai Phong. I arrived very late at night but the owner waited for me and let me in. Comfy bed, AC and calm area. Went for a day trip to halong bay by car. "
Punt Hotel
#87 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This should be at least a 3 star hotel - recently refurbished this is a modern boutique hotel, super comfortable beds, large flat screen tv and beautiful bathroom. I found myself in Haiphong having missed the..."
Cindy Hotel and Suites
6 reviews
#89 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very nice hotel, very spacious family room, very clean and located next to a lovely park and plenty of restaurants. Very polite staff. Room has a high quality bathroom too which can be hit and miss in Vietnam. Quite..."
"The best two things about this hotel was the staff were very pleasant and the location was central ... but noisy. Issues: No sheets on our beds... only mattress covers. We were told that’s all we get and they..."
Monte Carlo Hotel
9 reviews
#90 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Positives - woman at the front desk was VERY helpful in escorting me to my room, setting up a breakfast in bed for me in the morning and ordering me a car from hotel to ferry port. Location is very close to airport..."
"Large rooms generally pretty clean. Odd smell though. Western bathrooms clean. Not super clean, just got k. Internet access and computer in room. But computer had so many viruses I did not use. I would not..."
CatBa Sky View Hotel
#60 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel..."
Catba Love Hotel
#53 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main strip..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
#92 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Sunflower Hotel
4 reviews
#54 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The rooms where clean and good priced, the water hot. The breakfast was top notch... The location was perfect not on the main strip but just a little walk away. This was a great place to stay in cat Ba."
"We came here because it has a good review in Wikitravel, however, it was disappointing, there are no nice views to the beach as stated, the rooms look old, the bath was half broken and in general, it was not too..."
Draco Thang Long Hotel
36 reviews
#94 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for one night during a trip to northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be..."
"The moment the room door was opened inward, a strong stench of smokers' nest greeted us. We wanted very much to change the room, but understand it would be the same as other rooms. And since most of the time we will..."
Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
#95 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
Cat Ba Relax House
5 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#55 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get..."
"We booked 3 nights here on booking.com but when we arrived we were told the hotel was full even though they knew we should be staying there. We were left in reception waiting for ages not knowing what was going..."
Hanvet Hotel Do son
#97 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the..."
City View Hotel Haiphong
#98 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I just needed a place to stay for one night before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds of..."
Trung Kien Hotel
#99 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Windy Hill Catba Homestay
24.0 miles from Hai Phong
#56 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center..."
GM International Hotel and Apartment
2 reviews
#101 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Dai Duong Hotel
#102 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large..."
Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#103 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
Cat Ba Bay Vision Hotel
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#57 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay unlike..."
"This is a lovely hotel in a great location with wonderful views.  There was just one little catch: there are public broadcast speakers on the street just outside that blared out who knows what at 6.20am on both..."
Level Hotel
19 reviews
#105 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel represents quite good value but the Room is just sufficient for my needs. Interior is starting to age and the bathroom is really small. Specified non smoking room but first room was stank of stale smoke..."
"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights because the workshop I attended was held there. I had a suite, and the room was spacious and the bathroom had a bathtub. But the floor was not wood/tile, but carpet with a lot of..."
Hotels with Lounge nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Lounge
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Seoul
Seoul is the business and cultural hub of South Korea, where skyscrapers tower over Buddhist temples. Take it all in from the N Seoul Tower, built atop a peak in Namsan Park. The teahouses and shops of Insadong give you a taste of Korean flavor, which you can further experience with a visit to the grounds and museums of Gyeongbokgung. UNESCO World Heritage Site Changdeokgung Palace is a fine example of authentic ancient architecture.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Sydney
Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary Art. The views from the Sydney Tower Eye observatory are epic – use this chance to get to know the layout of the city from high above.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with lounge
What are the best hotels with lounge in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that have a family room?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
