Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsDowntown Can Tho Hotels
THE 10 BEST Can Tho City Center Hotels
Downtown Can Tho Hotels
Stay central to all the city's top sites and attractions.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
City Center
Missing:Hotels & MotelsCity Center
Spring Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
91 reviews
In Can Tho
#4 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Our original plan was to spend only one night in Can Tho so we were looking for a clean budget hotel. From the minute we checked-in we knew it would be a great stay. The staff here are awesome. They speak really..."
"We didn't expect the hotel to be as pleasant as it is, considering the rate we were paying, it was above expectations. The hotel is beautiful, with a small garden in front of the hotel entrance. The reception..."
Khoa Phu Hotel
28 reviews
#9 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This is a great little hotel set back from a main road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great..."
"Simple But Very clean hotel! For me the most important thing. The staff was Very friendly and spoke Very good english. We booked a boat trip at the hotel for the floating market On the mekong delta and we had such a..."
Number One Hotel
17 reviews
#33 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Basic hotel stayed for two nights,room at back one window looking onto building nextdoor,bathroom poor but passable,didnt get clean towels as we did in other hotels of this type,no lift,we had heavy bags so a bit of..."
"A basic hotel in an ok location. The hotel is fine for a day two at the most. Rooms were clean enough but not the most helpful staff who mainly seemed concerned to sell trips. The location is central for the market..."
Xuan Mai Hotel III
23 reviews
#50 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stay in the hotel because it was included in a tour to Mekong. The rooms are clean but is very basic. For one night on route is enough but for nothing more. The breakfast was basic too (omelette with bread and..."
"We booked this hotel one day in advance for two nights but we were told after arrival that the owner did not chceck bookings and overbooked the hotel. So there was no room for us on the second night despite..."
Viva Motel
#83 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a basic room, just 1 towel for 2 guests, decent facilities, dirty blanket without bed sheet, until midnight loud music that forced us to stay awake although we had to wake up the next morning at 4 for the..."
"We had a beer here in the afternoon as it was blazing hot and we were thirsty. This was a quiet place at that time with only that us in and the Barman didn't seem that keen on having any customers. Eventually we got..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:City Center
2023
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,991 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#22 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
#60 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the..."
"This hotel is right on the river and next to the market, at the south end of the central part of town. It was fascinating to watch the boat traffic from the room (I think all the rooms have common balconies). On the..."
Top Rated
Sheraton Can Tho
993 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
549 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#5 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#7 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#23 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#21 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
Mekong Daniel Bungalow
18 reviews
#24 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this..."
"What a great place ! Daniel the owner & breakfast chef was the most pleasant man to chat with .his morning omelettes we’re to the moon and back .great bungalow room we stayed in 2 nights .clean ,comfortable and the..."
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
International Hotel
55 reviews
#28 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view..."
"We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is still..."
Fit Hotel Can Tho
#31 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#32 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
Holiday Hotel
29 reviews
#33 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Bed was comfortable, noisy exhaust fan in bathroom, air-con worked well. Breakfast was ok. Only issue we had was handing over our passports at check in & advised we would get them back at 5pm, but when we returned..."
"We stayed one night as we were passing through. The room was spacious and clean and the breakfast was adequate. Staff are friendly. Located beside nice bars and restaurants. Good value for the price paid."
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals..."
"Great little hotel in the hustle and bustle of the markets. A good central location. Rooms are well presented, clean and have all Amenities. Staff are friendly, helpful and can point you in the right direction..."
Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
#39 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
#40 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
Linh Phuong 3
#42 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Popular destinations for Downtown Hotels
Gangtok
The capital of the state of Sikkim, Gangtok is an attractive tourist destination, reflecting a unique ambience which derives from its happy blend of tradition and modernity. Alongside the deeply felt presence of stupas and monasteries, Gangtok also bustles like any other thriving town. Some of the key places to visit include Rumtek Monastery, Do-Drul Chorten, Enchey Monastery, Tashi View Point and the local bazaar, Lal Bazaar.
Read more
Mahabaleshwar
The city of Mahabaleshwar is a pinnacle of greenery, boasting one of the only evergreen forests in the world. The landscape abounds with lush hills, valleys and lookout points such as Lodwick Point, Arthur's Seat and Babington Point, all of which offer spectacular views. Trot along on horseback for a delightful four-legged tour of the gorgeous Venna Lake area, and savor juicy native strawberries, mulberries and corn.
Ulaanbaatar
Located in the northern part of the country, high above sea level, Ulan Bator is the coldest capital city in the world. The cultural and business center of Mongolia, and a hub connecting the Trans-Siberian Railway with the Chinese rail system, Ulan Bator has become a thriving urban center in one of the most remote locations in the world. Visit the Tibetan-style Gandan Monastery, one of the few buildings in Ulan Bator to predate WWII and one of the few monasteries to survive the Soviet purge.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Manama
Manama, capital of the island nation of Bahrain, is a major financial center with a thriving economy. A surplus of money has decorated the skyline with glass and steel spires, and plans for the tallest tower in the world. Although Bahrain is an Islamic country, alcohol is legal, and Manama has a thriving nightlife, with clubs and bars popular with visitors from all over the world. The narrow rows of stalls at the Bab el-Bahrain souk are famous for their vast array of perfumes, spices, and gold.
Olongapo
Naga
Bicol Region
Ernakulam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about downtown hotels
What are the best downtown hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho have a pool?
Which downtown hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best downtown hotels in Can Tho?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
What are some popular downtown hotels in Can Tho with a 4 star rating?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
