Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangDa Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
1,525 reviews
#12 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Speciality Museums
Closed now
7:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
About
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is one of the first museums built in Vietnam by the French. The main building was constructed in 1915. It evokes some motifs of French colonial architecture in the early twentieth century and resembles the image of the Champa temples - towers in Central Viet Nam. 

Visitors will have the opportunity to contemplate more than 400 artifacts on display, including National Treasures and others representing the masterpieces of Champa sculpture in ten centuries (from 5th to 15th). The artifacts were made in a variety of materials, such as sandstone, terracotta, and metal. Grounded in various themes from fertility symbols, deities, mythical animals and architectural decoration from the Hindu and Buddhist, they express the features of cultural and religious values of the Champa people over many generations. 
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is a must-see destination for visitors wishing to discover the culture and heritage of Central Viet Nam.
Read more
Duration: 1-2 hours
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (1,849)
Top ways to experience Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingCultural & Theme ToursDay Trips & ExcursionsTransfers & Ground Transport
Full-day DISCOVER DA NANG MUSEUM, MARBLE MOUNTAIN, SON TRA PENINSULA
1
Full-day Tours
from $83.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
FULL-DAY DA NANG DISCOVERY from HOI AN
2
Explore Da Nang in one day _Private tour
from $120.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Hoi An and Da Nang Shore Excursion from Port
5
from $119.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang Small Group City Tour: Marble Mountain & Lady Buddha from Da Nang
Historical Tours
from $59.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang and Hoi An Full-Day Tour
from $98.72 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Half-Day Da Nang City Sightseeing
Food & Drink
from $59.00 per adult
4-Day Private Central Vietnam Tour from Da Nang: Hue, My Son, Hoi An
from $150.77 per adult
The area
No 2, 2 Thang 9 Street Hái Châu District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
1,606 within 3 miles
Cardi Pizzeria Da Nang
200
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
Red Sky Steakhouse
1,042
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
Xóm Mới Garden Đà Nẵng
75
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
Attractions
92 within 6 miles
Museum of Sa Huynh & Champa Culture
60
36 ftSpeciality Museums
Long An Temple
224 ftReligious Sites
APEC Park
4
233 ftParks
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
WorldGlutton
London, United Kingdom20,860 contributions
Interesting Historical artifacts
Lots of cultural artifacts from the Cham Dynasty and antiques to admire in various exhibition rooms. Our tour guide told us the Sculptures were created from sandstones , terracotta and metal from 5th to 15 Centuries. Museum display various themes of sculptures from fertility symbols , mythical creations to decorative Hindu & Buddhist gods.
Visited March 2023
Written May 6, 2023
MJD013
Sydney, Australia491 contributions
Could be a better viewing experience
A good museum, with written detail in Vietnamese and English. The only drawback is that there is no air-conditioning. Nor have they provided sufficient fans to create a comfortable viewing experience. There was no provision to even get a bottle of cold water.
Visited September 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written September 21, 2023
IsaacG16
Daw Park, Australia114 contributions
Well worth a visit
We spent a couple of hours at the Museum of Cham Sculpture – the Chams are an ethnic minority in Vietnam with a long and interesting history in the region. There were some amazing sculptures on display, with a few dating back to the 3rd century. The audio guide was good. I recommend wandering for a couple of hours.
Visited April 2023
Written December 3, 2023
jimrU2512IP
2 contributions
First day in Da Nang
An unexpected cultural experience, but the best part was having vietnamese school children practice their english on us "Hello, How are you?", "What is your name?". The connections with Hindu India surprised me as well as the size of the collection. Our taxi driver from the airport, adopted us and took us to museums, authentic restaurants and amusement parks. He spoke no english, but with cell phone translation we communicated just fine.
Visited December 2023
Traveled with family
Written January 6, 2024
Damian W
Perth, Australia163 contributions
Great Education
The museum is really well set up. The sculptures are quite Amazing and the audio tour provides you with real insight. I could have spent longer there I was quite captivated by the history. It’s an open air museum and the mosquitoes are as bad as anywhere I experienced in Vietnam. Ensure you load up on the heavy duty mosquito repellant s that you don’t have to stress
Visited January 2024
Traveled with friends
Written January 17, 2024
maritimeexplorer
Nova Scotia, Canada3,968 contributions
Best Museum of Cham Art Anywhere
I have to confess that before coming to Vietnam I had never heard of the Cham people or the Champa Empire that lasted from the 2nd century AD until 1832 when its last remnants were absorbed by its Viet neighbours to the north. The Champa Empire was in almost constant conflict with its neighbours and had to fight off repeated invasions from the Viets to the north, the Khmers to the west and the Javanese to the south, not to mention the Mongols a couple of times. Eventually it all became too much and by the 14th century the empire was in irreversible decline and Champa became one of the greatest empires no one has ever heard of. Today there are less than 100,000 people in Vietnam who can still speak the language. The museum was designed and built by the French in 1915 to house a collection of Cham artifacts that had been collected by French archaeologists almost from the time they arrived in Vietnam. The collection of over 300 sandstone and terra cotta works is the largest in the world, housed in ten galleries, each one containing finds from a separate Cham site. The first thing you will notice is that almost all the sculptures depict various Hindu gods and demi-gods, even though Vietnam is thousands of miles rom India. There is also one gallery with Buddhist motifs. Even while Chinawas dominating the north of the country for over a thousand years, in the centre and south the influence was coming from India. I have included quite a few photos of the best pieces including the world's best example of a Gajasimha, a mythical beast that was half elephant and half lion. There's also a frieze showing polo players, just about the last thing I thought I would see in Vietnam. Located just off the Dragon bridge this museum is a must visit in Da Nang.
Written February 1, 2024
mzzyap
2,571 contributions
Fascinating
We took our time going through these exhibits. Good thing we finished before the school field trips and noisy tour groups came. Dear Management, please instruct the teachers NOT to blow their whistle to call the attention of the high school kids. After all, this is a Museum.
Visited February 2024
Written March 2, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
my son
hindu gods
ancient culture
beautiful sculptures
worth a visit
the dragon
artifacts
collection
civilization
century
sandstone
centuries
era
vietnam
ruins
archaeological
dynasty
heritage
bridge
4.0
Excellent
476
Very good
587
Average
351
Poor
87
Terrible
24
James K
Stourbridge, UK36 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Great Museum
Jan 2020 • Couples
This is the worlds largest collection of Cham sculpture and it's both interesting and beautiful. It's a small museum with 300 plus pieces exhibited. My wife and I really enjoyed our visit and highly recommend,especially if you are visiting My Son.
Written January 12, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Joel K
Vancouver, Canada3,577 contributions
Insight into Cham culture and life
Nov 2019
This museum gave you insight into the cham culture with statues, relics from various temples, sanctuaries, etc. It was laid out well by the different excavations, periods of time, etc. There was so very much to see and observe. We enjoyed it very much and developed a appreciation for Cham peoples.
Written April 2, 2020
Daniel Alcalá
6 contributions
Outstanding museum
Dec 2019
The Cham Sculpture Museum is a great way to get to know a milenary culture that we haven't heard too much about. It features from tiny detailed pieces to monumental ones. Although it's not a huge building it shows a big amount of sculptures portraying mythological characters discovered in ancient temples.
Written March 3, 2020
R K L
Seattle, WA2,494 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Exquisite sandstone sculptures...
Museums abound in every corner of the world. However, those housing items unique to specific cultures, faiths, regions, etc. often carry a different significance. The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is one such interesting showroom. The collection of sculptures is the largest of its kind in the world and purportedly dates back to the 7th century. Amongst its impressive Cham artifact are exquisite sandstone sculptures.
Written June 13, 2020
LuizDutraNeto
Rio de Janeiro, RJ8,621 contributions
At the World's only museum dedicated to the Champa era!
Jan 2020
Prior to any visit to Vietnam, it is fundamental to learn a little bit about the "Champa" culture, as it is quite unknown to most of us in Western countries. The "Champa" was an "Indianised" civilization, within the "Greater India", that flourished, between 192 AD up to around 1700 AD, along the coasts of today's Central and Southern Vietnam. Artistically, it adopted the style seen in many Indian rock-cut temples, sandstone sculptures and reliefs. The "Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture" houses, since 1919, the world's largest Cham collection, with sculptures and objects found in Da Nang, Quâng Nam, My Son, Trà Kiêu, Dông Duong, Tháp Mam, Quâng Tri, Quâng Ngai, Quâng Binh, Binh Dinh and Kon Tum, among other archaeological sites in Vietnam. The "Champa" legacy consists mainly of sandstone sculptures, reliefs and brick buildings, expressing themes and functions connected to their religious life, which synthetizes elements of Hinduism, Buddhism and indigenous cults. As the only museum in the World exclusively dedicated to the "Champa" era, it is absolutely unmissable at any visit to Da Nang, principally after its recent renovation! Enjoy!
Written November 24, 2020
Péter Zsolt T
21 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
A disappointment due to bad ticket system
Apr 2022 • Couples
It was a big disappointment. We were really curious about the museum. We were trying to buy tickets at the entrance. The guard did not soeak English, but he pointed at a WR code that we can buy tickets there. We downloaded it and it downloaded an other. Both apps were in vietnamese. After 10 minutes of trying our best we had to give up the apps as well as visiting the museum :(
Written April 3, 2022
palawanismyhome
Palawan Island, Philippines24,563 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Learn about the Cham period
Dec 2022
This museum is located next to the Dragon Bridge and as it was raining we spent an hour or so here. It opened its doors in 1903 and has been expanded several times. There are also several sculptures in the garden. We had difficulty in finding our way out of the museum as the exit passageway is a little hidden. Cham sculptures were collected and brought here from several areas in Vietnam. Only i ike to mention that very few of the exhibits are described in English
Written December 31, 2022
London, UK20,860 contributions
Mar 2023
Apr 2023 • Couples
I have to confess that before coming to Vietnam I had never heard of the Cham people or the Champa Empire that lasted from the 2nd century AD until 1832 when its last remnants were absorbed by its Viet neighbours to the north.
The Champa Empire was in almost constant conflict with its neighbours and had to fight off repeated invasions from the Viets to the north, the Khmers to the west and the Javanese to the south, not to mention the Mongols a couple of times. Eventually it all became too much and by the 14th century the empire was in irreversible decline and Champa became one of the greatest empires no one has ever heard of.
Today there are less than 100,000 people in Vietnam who can still speak the language.
The museum was designed and built by the French in 1915 to house a collection of Cham artifacts that had been collected by French archaeologists almost from the time they arrived in Vietnam. The collection of over 300 sandstone and terra cotta works is the largest in the world, housed in ten galleries, each one containing finds from a separate Cham site.
The first thing you will notice is that almost all the sculptures depict various Hindu gods and demi-gods, even though Vietnam is thousands of miles rom India. There is also one gallery with Buddhist motifs. Even while Chinawas dominating the north of the country for over a thousand years, in the centre and south the influence was coming from India.
I have included quite a few photos of the best pieces including the world's best example of a Gajasimha, a mythical beast that was half elephant and half lion. There's also a frieze showing polo players, just about the last thing I thought I would see in Vietnam.
Located just off the Dragon bridge this museum is a must visit in Da Nang.
…
Showing results 1-10 of 895
Also popular with travelers
3D Museum Art in Paradise Danang
318
Art Museums
Da Nang Museum
165
Military Museums • History Museums
Da Nang Fine Arts Museum
42
Ho Chi Minh and the Fifth Military Zone Museum
137
Military Museums
Bao Tang Da Nang
28
Tu Hung Stone Arts
16
Art Galleries
The Gioi Tranh Dep
Vietnam Cultural Exchange
Dong Dinh Museum
8
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
Frequently Asked Questions about Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
What's the best way to see Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture?
What hotels are near Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture?
What restaurants are near Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Recommended
Tours & Sightseeing
Cultural & Theme Tours
Day Trips & Excursions
Transfers & Ground Transport
$83.00
$120.00
$119.00
$59.00
$98.72
$150.77
0.2 mi
$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
36 ft
224 ft
Religious Sites
233 ft
Parks
London, United Kingdom
20,860 contributions
March 2023
Sydney, Australia
491 contributions
September 2023
as a couple
Daw Park, Australia
114 contributions
April 2023
December 2023
with family
Perth, Australia
163 contributions
January 2024
with friends
Nova Scotia, Canada
3,968 contributions
February 2024
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Stourbridge, UK
36 contributions
transparency report
Vancouver, Canada
3,577 contributions
Seattle, WA
2,494 contributions
Rio de Janeiro, RJ
8,621 contributions
Palawan Island, Philippines
24,563 contributions
London, UK
