Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
THE 10 BEST Hot Tub Suite Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
Spoil yourself—a good soak is just what you need after a long day.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Suites
Hot Tub
Free Wifi
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
15 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Went to the spa and the hot tub was cold but the steam room was pleasant."
"Would recommend visiting the sauna and jacuzzi before your treatment too."
2. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#2 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
3. Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#3 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"There was a great view from our suite."
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
4. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#4 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
5. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#5 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
6. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#6 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
7. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#7 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
8. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#8 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
9. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#9 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
10. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
#10 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
11. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#11 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
12. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#12 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
13. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
6 reviews
#13 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
14. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#14 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
15. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#15 Best Value of 15 Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
Popular destinations for Suite Hotels with Hot Tubs
Beihai
Quang Nam Province
Bophut
Learn to dive, sunbathe on a sandy beach or indulge in inexpensive spa services (including amazing Thai massages) in Bophut, a beach village that recently has become home to many new hotels and villas. Try the main street for trendy shops and restaurants, or visit the Fisherman’s Village for more traditional shops.
Read more
Ningbo
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Hinoba-an
Uruma
Solan
Hayama-machi
Burswood
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:SuitesHot TubHotels & Motels
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
24.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Along with separate men's and women's lounges, there are steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi which are helpful for relaxation."
"Nice SPA facility with jacuzzi and sauna."
Visit hotel website
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
23.7 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre."
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
Top Rated
Purple Lotus Hotel
62 reviews
46.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"The hotel suite is beautiful and very spacious."
"I stayed in a junior suite so I could have more space, and I'm glad I did."
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
23.3 miles from Halong Bay
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Nam Cuong Hai Duong Hotel
49 reviews
47.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"Hotel is located quite far from downtown of Hai Duong City but you could take a taxi. Hotel offers a quite good breakfast and they also offer fruit / cake every day. This is a good point from the hotel. The food..."
"We came here for a MICE tour. Satisfies with good facilities and preparation. Well located amd designed for our business activities. Both tea-break and lunch is Ok. It must be the best hotel in Hai duong city."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
"I stayed here for one night with my friends, price of room is not cheaper than other 5 star resort. However, service was unbelievable, from reception to restaurant I would say for 3 star only. The way they talk and..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
24.0 miles from Halong Bay
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Roygent Parks Hai Phong
2 reviews
#60 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
Hai Yen Luxury Hotel
8 reviews
15.8 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 11 hotels in Cam Pha
"I have stayed on a number of occasions whilst working nearby. Staff are always very friendly. The rooms are of reasonable size and fairly clean. The hotel does not seem very busy. I do not think the restaurant..."
"The room is spacious but very smelly, like noone stays for long. Breakfast is quite nice with lots of local food with many items of choices. Over 30km far from Halong Bay center, just suitable for those..."
Draco Thang Long Hotel
36 reviews
23.6 miles from Halong Bay
#94 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for one night during a trip to northern Vietnam. I drove in from Hanoi and arrived in the evening, and I checked out the next morning to go see Ha Long Bay. During my stay, I found the hotel to be..."
"The moment the room door was opened inward, a strong stench of smokers' nest greeted us. We wanted very much to change the room, but understand it would be the same as other rooms. And since most of the time we will..."
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
3 reviews
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
Cindy Hotel and Suites
23.8 miles from Halong Bay
#89 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very nice hotel, very spacious family room, very clean and located next to a lovely park and plenty of restaurants. Very polite staff. Room has a high quality bathroom too which can be hit and miss in Vietnam. Quite..."
"The best two things about this hotel was the staff were very pleasant and the location was central ... but noisy. Issues: No sheets on our beds... only mattress covers. We were told that’s all we get and they..."
The Yacht Hotel by DC
33 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
"The staff are lovely and always attentive and very helpful. The rooms are fantastic, beds are great, towels are fluffy, and the bathroom is awesome. View of the bay would be great on a clear day. Amazing deserts..."
3MG Hotel
4 reviews
22.0 miles from Halong Bay
#119 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Looks good from the outside, but the room smells like mold, the breakfast was obviously leftovers from dinner the night before. The water in the shower fluctuates between scalding hot and ice cold with no warning..."
"This place is absolutely disgusting... Service is poor as it gets, Food is disgusting, no options, badly cooked, low quality. Shower in the room never works, other rooms have a bathtub but no shower so you need to..."
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
15
Hotels Prices From
$16
Hotels Reviews
2,700
Hotels Photos
3,501
Frequently Asked Questions about suite hotels with hot tubs
What are the best suite hotels with hot tubs near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
15 of 474
Went to the spa and the hot tub was cold but the steam room was pleasant.
Went to the spa and the
hot tub was cold
but the steam room was pleasant.
Would recommend visiting the sauna and jacuzzi before your treatment too.
Would recommend visiting the
sauna and jacuzzi
before your treatment too.
There was a great view from our suite.
There was a great view from our
suite
.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Along with separate men's and women's lounges, there are steam room, sauna and Jacuzzi which are helpful for relaxation.
Along with separate men's and women's lounges, there are steam room,
sauna and Jacuzzi
which are helpful for relaxation.
Nice SPA facility with jacuzzi and sauna.
Nice SPA facility with
jacuzzi and sauna
We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre.
We had the best food and having the best
suite room
and good for childre.
The hotel suite is beautiful and very spacious.
The
hotel suite
is beautiful and very spacious.
I stayed in a junior suite so I could have more space, and I'm glad I did.
I
stayed in a junior suite
so I could have more space, and I'm glad I did.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
