Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Linh Phoung Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
In Can Tho
#37 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Me and the family stayed at Linh Phoung 2 hotel, upon arrival we were we're greeted by well mannered staff. Booked 3 Vip rooms, price wise is reasonable. Got up to the room and it was decked out with a king size..."
"This hotel was a really pleasant stay- We were in a group and got several rooms. The VIP rooms were really spacious with a nice seating area and large bathroom. The standard rooms were equally comfortable. The..."
Thien Long Guest House
0 reviews
Mekong Rustic Can Tho
152 reviews
#4 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Had a very nice stay here with my family. We did the two day and one night tour. The guide was great and the tour was fun. The rooms were clean and had great air conditioning. The beds were very firm and the walls..."
Huyen Tran Hotel
Le An Guesthouse
Truong Loc Hotel
Hoang Hai Dang 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#33 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Friendly young man, Trung/Moon, on the front desk, always helpful. He even arranged a brand new kettle straight out of its box when we found the one in our room did not work. The bathroom had one of those showers..."
"Great location near the river where all the floating market tours depart from. There is a small lift though it's a little old a creaky. Rooms are basic but clean with air con and fridge. Receptionist kindly helped..."
Green Garden Homestay
63 reviews
#7 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed for 3 days. It is a true homestay. The owners make you feel so welcome and they are incredibly polite and generous.They prepare tea and coffee and will collect a coconut if you want to try. We stayed..."
"Basic but good homestay. Our room was equipped with an airconditioning and a fan - no mosquito came in. Additionally there was a mosquito net above our bed. The water pressure was low. The fridge was filled with..."
Truc Linh Hotel
1 review
#60 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed here for a few days meeting with friends and resting. This was a clean hotel but we never had staff in our room to clean, take out trash, make beds etc. the whole five days we stayed there. The Air Con..."
Cui Coffee & Homestay
2 reviews
#41 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Very nice and helpful staff and cozy stay and cafe in Can Tho. 20 minutes walk to the night market and the pier. Quiet and cool deluxe double room with toilet, shower, silence air conditioning and a second floor..."
Hoang Anh Homestay
#50 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Nam Thanh Binh
#32 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Just as read in other reviews, staff is good, checking-in is a breeze, my bicycle is safe in the lobby. The only thing negative at the moment is Noise. There is construction on going in the adjacent building. It..."
Minh Nguyet Hotel
#56 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"A great place to stay I was there a week in 2002 Phoung was so nice to me helped me find English reading material. The green cabs took me to places around Can Tho seafood ,message , karaoke,karaoke was very..."
"I stayed one night at this hotel in April 2012 as a guest of a Vietnamese company. They had advised me of the poor quality of the hotels in the town. I had a suite and I guess one of the better rooms in the hotel..."
Nguyen Lords Farmstay
5 reviews
#29 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"I had a wonderful time visiting this place. The floating market tour was amazing but you need to get up a bit early. I also took a bike tour around the villages. It was a bit tiring but it was fun, I saw how people..."
"I love this place so much. We enjoy tour_floating market tour, biking, kayaking, food trek, food at farmstay. All of them are awesome. A big thanks for Phuong,Lily and staffs. They are very helpful. We are gonna..."
Chien Cong Hostel
CT Home
Homestay Dong Xanh
My Huong 2 Hotel
Huynh Mai Hotel
#63 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"It's a normal hotel on Cach Mang Thang 8 street, the price is reasonable about 15-22$ per day. It has a large yard for car parking. Air conditioner is good and fast. However, the bathroom is not equipped some..."
Tan Phuoc 1 Hotel
#46 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Location was very good: right next to the river for a nice stroll at night and a few minutes in the other direction to the night market and tons of cheap eats. A couple blocks past that was a decent market to go..."
"We resorted to Tan Phuoc 1 Hotel, after a terrible experience at Ngan Ha hotel down the street. Tan Phuoc was very clean, well located (half a block from the promenade and the street markets of Can Tho), and the..."
Hung Phat Hotel
#39 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed at this hotel for a couple of days and had a good time. It's a really nice place, rooms are good, location is ok, staff friendly, etc. We had some questions about the area and how to arrange some..."
Ruby CT Hotel
21 reviews
#15 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I was underwhelmed when I arrived at Ruby Hotel. It looked a bit blah and they wanted to keep my passport. However, I very quickly revised my opinion. My room was really good - clean, well looked after, comfortable..."
"Great friendly staff with very good English language skills. Really good location, right in the center of town still a quiet place. Very comfortable bed and clean room. The room was simple but had everything we..."
Thai Tuan Hotel
#44 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This hotel has impressed me again. The rooms are large and comfortable to stay in. Many restaurants to choose from within walking distance. A kite park by the river is also in walking and a joy to visit I would..."
Hien Homestay
#63 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Ludzie bardzo sympatyczni.Natomiast jezeli chodzi o cene i warunki dotarcia tam to tragedia. Taksowkarz podwiozl tylko do poczatku drogi, dalej nie chcial jechac nowiac ze za wasko (inne auta jakos sie miescily) - o..."
"At first we didn't want to stay there, cause the reviews were not great at all, but then we had a look at the rooms and found them to be quite alright. Our room was in the new building, which they called hien..."
Midmost Boutique Hostel
12 reviews
#16 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We had a splendid tour with a nice and smart vietnamese guide. Fluent English and very interesting knowledge of the area. With her, we discoverd the floating market, a noodle factory and a fruit garden! Highly..."
"This room was amazing value ... everything you needed; cleaned daily and nice and peaceful even though you’re in the middle of town. The tour to the floating markets was brilliant ... the guide was loveiy..."
Lidu Home
Minh Nhut Hotel
Phung Ngan Hotel
Thanh Thuy Hotel
39 reviews
#8 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We've stayed in many small hotels in the Mekong and this is surprising to the up side. The rooms are clean and bright with fan, ac and wifi as well as a working small fridge. The beds, significantly, are softer that..."
"Nice clean room and good price. Great location if you're heading to floating market tour next morning, as the dock is just across the street. Helpful staff who works long hours. I wish they serve breakfast."
Number One Hotel
17 reviews
#33 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Basic hotel stayed for two nights,room at back one window looking onto building nextdoor,bathroom poor but passable,didnt get clean towels as we did in other hotels of this type,no lift,we had heavy bags so a bit of..."
"A basic hotel in an ok location. The hotel is fine for a day two at the most. Rooms were clean enough but not the most helpful staff who mainly seemed concerned to sell trips. The location is central for the market..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
9
10
11
12
13
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
