Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Apartment Hotels in Da Nang
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
Apartment Hotels in Da Nang
John Boutique Villa Apartment
87 reviews
#2 of 48 condos in Da Nang
64 Le Manh Trinh, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (97)
Traveler
(65)
Room & Suite
(10)
Dining
(9)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
4.4
Cleanliness
4.9
Service
4.8
Value
John Boutique Villa Apartment: Situated by My Khe Beach, one of the top beaches in the world.John Boutique offers modern and comfortable apartments with the sea view. Such a wonderful place for families and couples who want to gather together.Our apartment features an indoor pool and free parking on site.
Our apartment also has a stunning landscape from the beach, air-conditioned rooms come with a
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Free breakfast
Bicycle rental
Bicycles available
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Airport transportation
Show more
Room features
Air conditioning
Safe
Kitchenette
Minibar
Refrigerator
Room types
Non-smoking rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
3.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Family
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Somewhat walkable
Grade: 80 out of 100
80
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.3 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
41 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Horizon Bar
168
5 min
$
International
The Eatery
213
$$ - $$$
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
Italian
Cabanon Palace
202
$$$$
French
See all nearby restaurants
7 Attractions
Malibu Club
8
6 min
Bars & Clubs
Cheers English Pub
2
Country & Western Bars
Ball and Bee’s Home
4
Speciality & Gift Shops
Nha Tho Giao Xu An Hai
3
Churches & Cathedrals
See all nearby attractions
87
Reviews
Q+A
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 66
Very Good 14
Average 4
Poor 2
Terrible 1
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(87)
English(52)
Chinese (Trad.)(21)
Korean(12)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsother hotelsair conkitchenettebalcony
Sort by:
Most Recent
Gregg B wrote a review Jun 2022
1 contribution
Perfect in every way
Definitely book this hotel. I loved my stay and the staff are the best. So friendly and positive, they made my stay really special and made me feel like family. They're great and help in any way they can. The hotel itself is beautiful, different and clean, with everything you need. Kitchenette, great shower, TV, fridge, good air con, and a cool balcony. I loved my stay so much that I booked an extra night and may come back in few days. The location is close to other hotels, bars, restaurants, supermarket and perfect for My Khe beach. It's a short taxi ride from the centre of town but worth it. It's also on a side street so there is little outside traffic noise etc. 11/10 - I wish I could live here
Read more
Date of stay: June 2022
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Thanh Tú wrote a review May 2020
Hanoi, Vietnam15 contributions
Beautiful with good price
I stayed there for 3 nights and they had exactly what I need. Room is not so big but for a boutique hotel, it was ok. The staffs are very friendly, they only have 2 ladies work as receptionist, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. I didn't know their name so I can't mention but they do really good job. The swimming pool is next to the lobby with the massage machines which made me feel comfortable. I can take care of my daughter when she went swimming, and I can relax during that time. Not so much hotel can do that. They had ala-carte menu for breakfast change everyday, also have a small counter with some fruit juice, cakes and yogurt. A small kitchen in the room is good, but maybe should have an oven. Everyday from 6 to 8pm you can ask the receptionist for preparing…
Date of stay: May 2020
Mary Grace wrote a review Mar 2020
Koh Tao, Thailand114 contributions8 helpful votes
+1
Cozy & Serene
After the nightmare from my first hotel, I was truly hoping this place would make up for it - & it certainly has! It's so cozy, comfortable, & relaxing. All the beautiful flowers & green foliage really add to the ambience.. .Nature heals. I chose to stay here for seven nights & it was just what I needed. I loved my stay here so much that I may just come back to end my visit in Da Nang here! Jane, of the front desk, really helped my stay be as comfortable as possible. She was very intuitive in my needs, & I felt like I gained a little sister, haha. When I first arrived, there was a miscommunication through the booking site & hotel, but Jane was gracious in handling it & made sure I was happy. That's customer service! I loved all the amenities this place offered. It's the…
Date of stay: March 2020
Deeush wrote a review Mar 2020
21 contributions27 helpful votes
Lovely hotel with great service
I simply loved this place. I loved our room with cute balcony where you could just chill in the evening with glass of wine. The bed was very comfortable. Overall the room was clean (room cleaning done every day) and had a nice lemongrass smell. Breakfast was tasty, you could choose from various meals. Hotel is close to nice public beach with white sand (3min by feet) or you can use indoor pool in case of bad weather. The lady at reception was super kind and polite. Higly recommended this hotel!
Jerome C wrote a review Mar 2020
Charlotte, North Carolina5 contributions1 helpful vote
Great small hotel
The staff was super friendly. The room was large, modern and clean. The breakfast was fresh made and delicious, with lots of choices. The pool, massage chairs, sauna and free nightly foot bath was really great as well. I can't recommend this hotel enough. Great stay will be back.
Laszlo93 wrote a review Mar 2020
Rome, Italy15 contributions4 helpful votes
Quality B&B for a really good price
We had really great stay at the John Boutique Villa. I found the design really interesting, the rooms were well-equipped and the staff was really helpful. I would highlight the breakfast which was full of fresh fruits, juices and you can order different type of caffees and meals for free (and the best is that they have it until 10 AM). I definitely recommend this hotel for all type of travellers, especially for couples at all age.
Marco-Antonio wrote a review Feb 2020
London, United Kingdom306 contributions83 helpful votes
Nice hotel!
Nice hotel with friendly staff. Booked at the last minute.  The breakfast is really nice and theres a nice spread to choose from. The coffee is also delicious!  They recommended a good seafood restaurant that we ate at which was really good and a 5-10 min walk from the hotel.   The bedroom and bathroom are ok but just need a bit more sprucing up to be 5 stars.  I love their minimalist decor and calming pool area!
Date of stay: December 2019
Jilleen D wrote a review Feb 2020
Edina, Minnesota6 contributions
Excellent service by Sayyl
The hostess Sayyl was very helpful and very nice! Gave us great info and helped arrange transportation. Be sure to visit Marble mountain. Nice hotel with great location. Thank you Sayyl for your generous spirit.
Date of stay: February 2020
Response from John V, Manager at John Boutique Villa Apartment
Responded Feb 11, 2020
Dear Sir/Madam, Thanks so much for choosing to stay at our hotel. We are so happy when we read your review which is like a motivation for us to try more and provide our guests these best services. We wish you the best things and we hope that there is a different chance to see you at our hotel in the very near future. Thanks and best regards, John
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Cristina L wrote a review Jan 2020
15 contributions4 helpful votes
Fabulous hotel
This hotel has an excellent location, very close to the beach. The staff are very helpful and extremely kind. You must try the footbath, that is very relaxing. The breakfast has got an enormous variety and hot dishes can also be ordered.
Responded Jan 23, 2020
Dear Mr/Ms, Thanks so much for your review. All John’s staff are very happy and motivative. We wish the best things to you and we hope to serve you again at our hotel. Best regards, John
KereruHugger wrote a review Nov 2019
Wellington, New Zealand81 contributions75 helpful votes
Great location and close to the beach.
Great hotel. Staff were friendly and the room was spacious enough for our family of three. Bikes are free to use and it's close to some great places for dinner!. Although not an issue for us and not a problem with the hotel at all, but more just a note that Da Nang has a LOT of construction going on and this can continue until very late at night and start up again early in the morning so if you are a light sleeper you may want to get a room at the back. Also if you are thinking about going to Sun World please read our review before you go!
Date of stay: October 2019
Previous
Next
123456
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$20 - $30 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
15
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
JOHN BOUTIQUE VILLA APARTMENT $24 ($̶3̶0̶) - Prices & Condominium Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about John Boutique Villa Apartment
Which popular attractions are close to John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Nearby attractions include Malibu Club (0.3 miles), Cheers English Pub (0.2 miles), and Ball and Bee’s Home (0.3 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include an indoor pool, free wifi, and free breakfast.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Top room amenities include a kitchenette, a minibar, and air conditioning.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast and an on-site restaurant during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Yes, free parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Conveniently located restaurants include Horizon Bar, The Eatery, and My Casa Tapas Bar.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at John Boutique Villa Apartment?
Yes, guests have access to an indoor pool during their stay.
Does John Boutique Villa Apartment have airport transportation?
Yes, John Boutique Villa Apartment offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(97)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.5
mi
42.3
5
min
6
66
14
1
All languages
(87)
English
(52)
Chinese (Trad.)
(21)
Korean
(12)
Gregg B
Date of stay:
transparency report
Thanh Tú
Hanoi, Vietnam
15 contributions
I stayed there for 3 nights and they had exactly what I need. Room is not so big but for a boutique hotel, it was ok. The staffs are very friendly, they only have 2 ladies work as receptionist, one in the morning and one in the afternoon. I didn't know their name so I can't mention but they do really good job. The swimming pool is next to the lobby with the massage machines which made me feel comfortable. I can take care of my daughter when she went swimming, and I can relax during that time. Not so much hotel can do that. They had ala-carte menu for breakfast change everyday, also have a small counter with some fruit juice, cakes and yogurt. A small kitchen in the room is good, but maybe should have an oven. Everyday from 6 to 8pm you can ask the receptionist for preparing
Mary Grace
Koh Tao, Thailand
114 contributions
114
8 helpful votes
After the nightmare from my first hotel, I was truly hoping this place would make up for it - & it certainly has! It's so cozy, comfortable, & relaxing. All the beautiful flowers & green foliage really add to the ambience.. .Nature heals. I chose to stay here for seven nights & it was just what I needed. I loved my stay here so much that I may just come back to end my visit in Da Nang here! Jane, of the front desk, really helped my stay be as comfortable as possible. She was very intuitive in my needs, & I felt like I gained a little sister, haha. When I first arrived, there was a miscommunication through the booking site & hotel, but Jane was gracious in handling it & made sure I was happy. That's customer service! I loved all the amenities this place offered. It's the
Deeush
21 contributions
21
27 helpful votes
27
Jerome C
Charlotte, North Carolina
5 contributions
1 helpful vote
Laszlo93
Rome, Italy
4 helpful votes
Marco-Antonio
London, United Kingdom
306 contributions
306
83 helpful votes
83
Jilleen D
Edina, Minnesota
6 contributions
Cristina L
KereruHugger
Wellington, New Zealand
81 contributions
81
75 helpful votes
75
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
