Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat Rides & Cruises in Halong BayExciting Things to Do in Halong Bay
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Extreme & Thrilling Activities
Exciting Things to Do in Halong Bay for Thrill Seekers
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Water & Amusement Parks
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Speed Boats Tours
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Kids
Good for Adrenaline Seekers
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
8 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
2023
1. Syrena Cruises
1,317
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
Open now
By 426ruchij
Bar Thai - Excellent service and food was awsm Wonderful experience and we had a great fun Tasty vegetarian food
2. Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
281
City Tours • Cultural Tours
By N894RQchristinew
We had a private tour for Vietnam 14 days arranged by Pearl Travel for a family of 3. The hotel, tour guides, transpo...
Recommended Experiences for Adrenaline Seekers (560)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319 per adult
From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
Recommended by 100% of travelers
4WD Tours
from $29 per adult
3. Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
504
By K3nn7140
Enjoying the magnificent view of Halong Bay was already in itself a wonderful experience but our guide Alex Song made...
4. Alisa Cruise
589
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By 976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
5. Novn Travel
209
City Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By melfen87
The detailed itinerary includes: the street food tour, Hanoi sightseeing tour (riding the cyclo), a trip to Ninh Binh.
6. Halong Cruise Tours
112
Boat Tours • Water Sports
By Perfumekisses
Neverbeen this place but noi for Sure As in good services. Thank all staff for a very good tim in hanoi
7. Cat Ba Island Cruise
58
By I3415JIhansb
Kayak through lagoon also the best.
8. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
What travelers are saying
Peter B
3 contributions
0
Syrena Cruise Ha Long Bay
Awesome tour, Son, tour guide, makes it even better.
–-------------------------------------------------------
Review of: Syrena Cruises
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
KIRTI G
Lucknow, India7 contributions
Excellent boat trip
Our tour guide Tony was super. We have been friends ever since. Tour rate was reasonable for a boat tour and the ticket is 40$. Highly recommend this boat tour even though there were still a few small things to be improved.
Review of: Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
Written September 27, 2023
Meander37727799905
1 contribution
Binh...the attractive, funny and helpful tour guide.
The tour guide Binh is very attractive, have a lot of knowledge about the area, very helpful. If we go to Halong Bay again, we will choose.him as our guide. Service is excellence.
Review of: Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
Written January 29, 2024
Nirbhay
5 contributions
2D/1N the way to go
My experience with Alisa Cruises at Hà Long Bay was truly delightful. The staff, consistently friendly and helpful, made the cruise a memorable journey. Their English proficiency facilitated engaging conversations, adding a personal touch to the experience.

The activities offered were not only fun but also fulfilling, creating lasting memories. The cruise's commitment to safety was evident, ensuring a worry-free exploration of the stunning Hà Long Bay.
Opting for the two-day cruise package proved to be the perfect choice, allowing ample time to immerse myself in the breathtaking surroundings and enjoy the well-curated activities.
I also appreciated the ship's cleanliness, a testament to the meticulous maintenance standards of Alisa Cruises. I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing setting of Hà Long Bay.
Read more
Review of: Alisa Cruise
Written January 17, 2024
Mellie
36 contributions
Memorable trip to Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang
This is my second time to Hanoi and i am so happy that Phong is my tour guide again! Our trip covers Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang. Phong swiftly arranged everything for our 7D6N stay. We did not have to worry about a thing.
We especially love the street food tour, learning more from Phong as he shares his knowledge/ Stories of Vietnam and local food over many tasty food enjoyed by the locals in hidden alleys and trying the egg coffee and also covering the tourist attractions like St.Jospeh's Cathedral.
The hotel we stayed in Old Quarters is in a good location and comfortable. In addition, prices are reasonable and fair. Everything he does is outstanding as he customised our needs and enquires to what i wants. Tour guides all combined to make this trip a very memorable and fun for our family.
We will definitely keep in touch with Phong and come back again.
Review of: Novn Travel
Written August 25, 2023
Perfume
3
Good services
Review of: Halong Cruise Tours
Written September 13, 2019
Hans B
Halong Bay 1 day
It was a beautiful experience. The beach is a paradise for swimming. Kayak through lagoon also the best. All of us really like the tour.
Review of: Cat Ba Island Cruise
Written October 29, 2022
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Boat Rides & Cruises in Halong Bay
Exciting Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
426ruchij
Bar Thai - Excellent service and food was awsm Wonderful experience and we had a great fun Tasty
vegetarian food
2.
N894RQchristinew
We had a private tour for
14 days arranged by Pearl Travel for a family of 3. The hotel, tour guides, transpo...
learn more
3.
K3nn7140
Enjoying the magnificent view of Halong
Bay
was already in itself a wonderful experience but our guide Alex Song made...
4.
976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this
cruise
for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
5.
melfen87
The
detailed itinerary
includes: the street food tour, Hanoi sightseeing tour (riding the cyclo), a trip to Ninh Binh.
6.
Perfumekisses
7.
I3415JIhansb
Kayak
through lagoon also the best.
8.
MichaelYor
Lucknow, India
7 contributions
Miami, FL
381 contributions
Cookies Button
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 331 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.Privacy and Cookies Statement
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Show Purposes
331
