Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Bermuda Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Bermuda Cruises - Cruises to Bermuda
Caribbean  Bermuda
Bermuda
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Caribbean  
Caribbean
Bermuda Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Bermuda cruise deals
9 Night Cruise to Bermuda
Ship: Vision of the Seas | Suite
Sailing Date: 6/13/2024
Departs: Baltimore
$6,399
$2,614pp
View Cruise
5 Night Cruise to Bermuda
Ship: Liberty of the Seas | Suite
Sailing Date: 7/13/2024
Departs: Bayonne (Cape Liberty)
$5,098
$2,299pp
7 Night Cruise to Bermuda
Ship: Norwegian Gem | Balcony
Sailing Date: 5/10/2024
Departs: Boston
$2,399
$1,299pp
Ship: Norwegian Getaway | Balcony
Sailing Date: 7/13/2025
Departs: New York (Manhattan)
$2,979
$1,649pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Mediterranean
Bahamas
Hawaii
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Canada
Alaska
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Bermuda?
If you’re looking to spend the night in a tropical place, consider a cruise to Bermuda. Sailings to the British island – only a few hundred miles off the coast of North Carolina -- typically spend two days in port, allowing guests to really dig their toes into its famous pink-sand beaches.
For all of its refined island appeal, Bermuda can get a pricy. Hotel nights, drinks and meals quickly accumulate a hefty vacation price tag, which makes your ship -- a virtual floating hotel -- a great option for visiting. Though it's encouraged to try some of the local cuisine (and especially the rum cocktails), it's handy to have included meals and amenities waiting for you back onboard if your wallet needs a break.
What are Popular Activities in Bermuda?
Bermudians blend their British roots with the pace of island life; you might go sailing and swimming in the morning and settle in for a proper cup of tea in the late afternoon. Golf courses are plentiful, and a round at one is on many golfers' bucket lists.
A day in the sun is par for the course here, where pristine beaches meet the Atlantic on all sides. Cruisers might book a tour that picks them up right from the port to go snorkeling with turtles, sailing or Jetskiing. Or, hop in a cab over to the famous Horseshoe Bay Beach. Crystal and Fantasy Caves are a shaded (read: underground) spot on the island where visitors can explore this awesome natural wonder.
Shopping is also a productive way to spend a day in Bermuda. Popular souvenirs include anything rum-related (especially rum cakes), a sherry pepper sauce that gives the local seafood chowder its kick, hand-blown glass from studios in Hamilton and French perfume from a perfumery in St. George's that has been selling scents for more than 90 years.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Bermuda?
Bermuda enjoys mild weather year-round in a sub-tropical climate, but cruises here are concentrated in the spring, summer and fall, as temperatures do dip beyond swimming weather in the winter months.
What are Popular Ports in Bermuda?
There are three cruise ports across the nearly 21 square miles of Bermuda, but chances are your ship will be docked in a place called King's Wharf. The Royal Naval Dockyard, located at King's Wharf, is a historic military base that now houses dining, retail, handicrafts and the Clocktower Mall. A family-friendly beach and other amenities are within walking distance of the terminal.
Hamilton, the capital of Bermuda, is an easy ferry ride away from King's Wharf. Mega-ships aren't able to dock here, though some smaller ships (roughly less than a thousand people) still do. Bars and restaurants are concentrated in Hamilton. Every Wednesday night during the summer, a street festival called Harbour Nights brings music, food trucks and entertainment along the city's main drag.
Also accessible by ferry is St. George's, the former capital of Bermuda and one of the earliest English settlements after Jamestown. Only the smallest ships are able to dock here, but it's well worth a day trip to explore the pastel-hued homes and historic landmarks.
Where do Bermuda cruises depart from?
Cruise ports that cater to Bermuda sailings are mainly located on the East Coast and include Boston, Baltimore, Bayonne, New York and Charleston.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Bermuda?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Bermuda. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Bermuda. Last minute cruises deals to Bermuda appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Bermuda in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
