Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Bai Tu Long Bay, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
View map
Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay 008433 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Bai Tu Long Bay
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
793 of 1,929 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Bai Tu Long Bay

31. The Yacht Hotel by DC
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
34 reviews
258 Bai Chay Road, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
3.3 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#31 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…”
32. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
Ha Long , Bai Chay, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.4 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#32 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…”
33. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.2 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#33 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
34. Elysinam Boutique Hotel
10 reviews
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...”
35. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#35 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
36. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…”
37. A25 Hotel - Bai Chay Ha Long
1 review
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao | Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
38. The Yen Residences Halong
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long | Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 011000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...”
39. Halong Centrica Hotel
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street, Ha Long, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...”
40. Halong Lavender Hotel
Ha Long Road | Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
41. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.5 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#41 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...”
42. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...”
43. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong | Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…”
44. Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
To 5, Khu 9, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
45. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
168 Halong Road | Bai chay Ward, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering”
46. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
Dong Hung Thang Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…”
47. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
48. Marina Hotel
8 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street | 05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...”
49. Zo D'boutique Hotel
28 29 30 Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…”
50. Galaxy Halong Hotel
15 Tien Ong Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
51. Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
#51 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...”
52. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
53. Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
Ha Long Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...”
54. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...”
55. Bach Dang Hotel
No 2 Ha Long, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
56. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#56 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…”
57. Atlantic Hotel
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area | 842 048, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…”
58. The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
Ha Long Rd. | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...”
59. Halong Diamond Hotel
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...”
60. Ha Long Eden Hotel
No 01 Ha Long Street | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...”
Previous
Next
123456…
793 of 1,929 properties
Clear all filters
258 Bai Chay Road
Ha Long 200000,
Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…
Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that
really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made…
Ha Long , Bai Chay
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay ,
the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast…
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01100,
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an
early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World
Halong Bay,
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs.
Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao
Bai Chay
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long
Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 011000,
Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
Everything was so good as i was surprised the
price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street
Ha Long,
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel
like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
Ha Long Road
Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01119,
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St
Halong Bay 200000,
This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
This four star hotel, is part of one of the
larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on,
with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong
Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000,
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and
tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
To 5, Khu 9
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
168 Halong Road
Bai chay Ward
Halong Bay 8433,
Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering
Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and
City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering
Dong Hung Thang Road
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like
that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice
The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
28 29 30 Thuy Tung
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good
breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
15 Tien Ong Street
Bai Chay Ward
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad
weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had
during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one
there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
No 2 Ha Long
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet
area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area
842 048
I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
I have to say that the whole area where the
cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
Ha Long Rd.
Bai Chay Beach
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds
and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4
We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
We arrived at this hotel with not very high
expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
No 01 Ha Long Street
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the
reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
