Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Son Tra Peninsula Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Son Tra Mountain, Son Tra Peninsula
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Son Tra Peninsula  Son Tra Peninsula Hotels  Hotels near Son Tra Mountain
View map
Hotels near Son Tra Mountain
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Son Tra Peninsula
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang
Son Tra Peninsula  
Son Tra Peninsula Hotels  
Son Tra Peninsula Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
thọ quang, sơn trà, đà nẵng, Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Son Tra Mountain
Popular
5 stars
35
357
Breakfast included
466
Luxury
62
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
586
Pool
423
Free parking
502
Distance from
25+ mi
Son Tra Mountain
Linh Ung Pagoda
Tien Sa Lighthouse
Mui Nghe
Traveler rating
& up
598
663
671
Hotel class
4 stars
110
3 stars
229
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
132
Mid-range
348
Family-friendly
252
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,627 of 4,213 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Son Tra Mountain

Highest-rated 4-star hotel within 0.7 miles of Son Tra Mountain
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
1. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
907 reviews
28 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Man Thai Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.7 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#1 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...”
Visit hotel website
Closest
2023
2. Grand Gold Hotel
346 reviews
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street, Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.4 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#2 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...”
3. Altara Suites
601 reviews
120 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.2 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#3 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...”
4. Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
An Cu 5 Residential, Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.9 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#4 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...”
5. Sontra Sea Hotel
75 reviews
Lo 41 Hoang Sa | Phuong Tho Quang, Da Nang 553690, Vietnam
0.6 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#5 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...”
6. Seashore Hotel - Apartment
160 reviews
15-16 Hoang Sa | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.5 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#6 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“It is a nice place with beautiful view from the top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…”
7. The Code Hotel & Spa
156 reviews
A2.3 Hoang Sa Street | Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“I am the long stay guest and I love the hotel very much. The reception make my trip an exceptional trip . I love van, tien and linh so much. If I have time ,I will return and meet my Vietnamese friend again. The...”
8. Four Points by Sheraton Danang
714 reviews
118-120 Vo Nguyen Giap | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Amazing location across the road from Danang beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...”
9. Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
96 reviews
No. 92 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Man Thai Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.0 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#9 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…”
10. Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
1 Le Van Duyet Street, Nai Hien Dong, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.4 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#10 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“I have 3 wonderful days spending in this hotel. I love it. The view is awesome, I can see the whole Da Nang city, foods are great and staff is super friendly. I have all service I need in the hotel and fast as…”
11. Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
124 reviews
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district | Tho Quang, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...”
12. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang
89 reviews
96 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...”
13. Awaken Danang Hotel
68 reviews
148 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phu_ng Phu_c M_, Qu_n Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#13 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…”
14. voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...”
15. Haka Hotel & Apartment
203 reviews
71 Tran Dinh Dan, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#15 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...”
16. Alan Sea Hotel Danang
127 reviews
Lot A6 Le Duc Tho St. | Nại Hiên Đông, Sơn Trà, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…”
17. Radisson Hotel Danang
345 reviews
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…”
18. Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
03 Vo Nghia, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...”
19. Nguyen Gia Hotel
14 reviews
T113 Hoang Sa, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine, very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...”
20. Peninsula Hotel Danang
25 reviews
84 Vo Nguyen Giap | Phường Mân Thái, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“This is a new hotel with brilliant facilities and the staff could not to more to help you. The room is comfortable, clean and modern and the hotel bar is lovely. Location is okay but it just is not full with the...”
21. Jazz Hotel
214 reviews
68 Vo Nguyen Giap, Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
0.8 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#21 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...”
22. Citadines Blue Cove Danang
101 reviews
1 Le Van Duyet Street | Nai Hien Dong Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We stayed in the two bedroom suites, its clean and very spacious. And all information in the room is very useful. Breakfast is just so so, good variety but lack of taste. Location is a little far from the city...”
23. Moc Lan Boutique Hotel
27 reviews
20 Phuoc Truong 8 | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dist, Da Nang 555555, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...”
24. Ponte Boutique Villa
37 reviews
104 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...”
25. Brilliant Majestic Hotel
48 reviews
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…”
26. Mai Boutique Hotel
80 reviews
115 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…”
27. Danaciti Hotel
26 reviews
80 Dong Kinh Nghia Thuc Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.”
28. Cordial Hotel
34 reviews
30 Loseby | An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.5 miles from Son Tra Mountain
#28 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...”
29. The Fish Village Villa
13 reviews
14 Tran Sam | Nai Hien Dong, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...”
30. Star Hotel Da Nang
65 reviews
42 Loseby Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 4,213 places to stay in Son Tra Peninsula
“Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Son Tra Mountain information
Hotels Near Son Tra Mountain
There are 2,591 Hotels close to Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula
Hotels Near Son Tra Mountain Reviews
There are 144,426 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Son Tra Mountain Photos
There are 163,998 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.11 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Son Tra Mountain
Do any hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have a pool?
Popular hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula that have a pool include:
Stella Maris Beach Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Paris Deli Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
What are the best hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula?
Some of the best hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula are:
Parze Ocean Hotel & Spa - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Sea View DN Hotel - Traveler rating: 3.0/5
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula:
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula:
Bluesun Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Diamond Sea Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula are romantic?
These hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula:
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Hadana Boutique Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula are good for families?
Families traveling in Son Tra Peninsula enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Son Tra Mountain:
Do any hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula have a casino?
These hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula all have a casino:
Furama Villas Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Furama Resort Danang - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Silver Shores International Resort - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula allow pets?
These hotels near Son Tra Mountain in Son Tra Peninsula generally allow pets:
The Code Hotel & Spa - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Four Points by Sheraton Danang - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
1,627 of 4,213 properties
Clear all filters
Highest-rated 4-star hotel
28 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Man Thai Ward, Son Tra District
Da Nang 550000,
The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...
The hotel was very clean and all step was very
kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in...
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street
Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000,
It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
It's a very good located at almost end of the
costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
120 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...
Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy.
All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...
An Cu 5 Residential, Vo Nguyen Giap Street
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang
Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...
Lo 41 Hoang Sa
Phuong Tho Quang
Da Nang 553690,
The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...
The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and
service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...
15-16 Hoang Sa
Son Tra
It is a nice place with beautiful view from the top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…
It is a nice place with beautiful view from the
top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…
A2.3 Hoang Sa Street
Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District
I am the long stay guest and I love the hotel very much. The reception make my trip an exceptional trip . I love van, tien and linh so much. If I have time ,I will return and meet my Vietnamese friend again. The...
I am the long stay guest and I love the hotel
very much. The reception make my trip an exceptional trip . I love van, tien and linh so much. If I have time ,I will return and meet my Vietnamese friend again. The...
118-120 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Amazing location across the road from Danang beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...
Amazing location across the road from Danang
beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...
No. 92 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Man Thai Ward
I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…
I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at
the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…
1 Le Van Duyet Street
Nai Hien Dong, Da Nang 550000,
I have 3 wonderful days spending in this hotel. I love it. The view is awesome, I can see the whole Da Nang city, foods are great and staff is super friendly. I have all service I need in the hotel and fast as…
I have 3 wonderful days spending in this hotel. I
love it. The view is awesome, I can see the whole Da Nang city, foods are great and staff is super friendly. I have all service I need in the hotel and fast as…
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district
Tho Quang, Son Tra
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front
with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
96 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...
직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다.
Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...
148 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phu_ng Phu_c M_, Qu_n Son Tra
A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…
A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble
across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay.
Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
71 Tran Dinh Dan
Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...
Close to the beach and various restrauants staff
helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...
Lot A6 Le Duc Tho St.
Nại Hiên Đông, Sơn Trà
Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…
Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean
and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was
very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
03 Vo Nghia
Da Nang 55000,
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we
were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
T113 Hoang Sa
We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine, very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...
We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine,
very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...
84 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phường Mân Thái
This is a new hotel with brilliant facilities and the staff could not to more to help you. The room is comfortable, clean and modern and the hotel bar is lovely. Location is okay but it just is not full with the...
This is a new hotel with brilliant facilities and
the staff could not to more to help you. The room is comfortable, clean and modern and the hotel bar is lovely. Location is okay but it just is not full with the...
68 Vo Nguyen Giap, Son Tra
Da Nang,
Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...
Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there
aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...
Nai Hien Dong Ward, Son Tra District
We stayed in the two bedroom suites, its clean and very spacious. And all information in the room is very useful. Breakfast is just so so, good variety but lack of taste. Location is a little far from the city...
We stayed in the two bedroom suites, its clean
and very spacious. And all information in the room is very useful. Breakfast is just so so, good variety but lack of taste. Location is a little far from the city...
20 Phuoc Truong 8
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dist
Da Nang 555555,
I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...
I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to
leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...
104 Ho Nghinh
Son Tra District
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs
speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street
The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
The room was small but super clean and nice! We
have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
115 Ho Nghinh
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was
quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
80 Dong Kinh Nghia Thuc Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.
We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were
incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.
30 Loseby
An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
We arrived late night and Duc was very sweet and
welcoming, and good at English. Very helpful and honest and told us the different options. We took his advice and we were very happy. We planned to stay only one...
14 Tran Sam
Nai Hien Dong
Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...
Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest
staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the...
42 Loseby Street
Phuoc My, Da Nang 55000,
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
Euro Star Hotel and Restaurant located close to
the beach offers some very good seafood pasta and delicious Italian ice cream. We found it to be quite on the ground floor and there is more lively music for young...
1
4
5
6
…
Stella Maris Beach Danang
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Paris Deli Hotel
Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
Parze Ocean Hotel & Spa
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Sea View DN Hotel
- Traveler rating: 3.0/5
Bluesun Hotel
Diamond Sea Hotel
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
Hadana Boutique Hotel
Furama Villas Danang
Furama Resort Danang
Silver Shores International Resort
The Code Hotel & Spa
Four Points by Sheraton Danang
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
