Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay Honeymoon Activities
THE 10 BEST Honeymoon Things to Do in Halong Bay
Best Halong Bay Honeymoon Activities
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Honeymoon spot
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Good for Kids
51 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Bay
11,389
Bodies of Water
By kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the beauty and tranquility of Halong Bay.
See tours
2. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
Recommended Honeymoon Experiences (79)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Recommended by 93% of travelers
Cable Car Tours
from $299 per adult
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319 per adult
2023
3. Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Caverns & Caves
By K9075GRalexs
James and his team arranged for us a great cruise trip to Halong bay included: Sung sot cave, Ti top island and kayak...
4. Dau Go Cave
713
By tananhn2023
Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us.
5. Ti Top Island
1,136
Islands
By fengim
Our cruise trip visited This attraction TI TOP ISLAND is a must visit, where we could have great time for sunbathing,...
6. Paradise Cruises
8,551
Boat Tours
By NgocTuN7
Paradise Delight is Luxury Cruise, Delicious foods, Excellent services, Friendly staff.
7. Indochina Junk
7,513
Open now
By lauriebA4641WN
And to finish, our tour guide, aka Coco, is just the best ever!! Always smiling, funny, he remembers all of the clien...
8. Lavender Elegance Cruise
2,106
Boat Tours • Night Tours
By dblgray
Our tour guide Trang and the crew onboard the cruise were amazing.
9. Syrena Cruises
1,317
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By Q6485JDdannyc
Amazing trip Thai Thank you for all for your kind hospitality and warmly welcome and delicious food we really have un...
10. Alisa Premier Cruise
1,551
By L4424CGlinam
... scenary was really awesome, the tour to the lake with the monkeys and the Hang Sung Sot cave visit was fantastic!
11. Signature Halong Cruise
1,418
By mborofsky
I enjoyed viewing the amazing islands and kayaking the best bit the Pearl farming was the interesting also.
12. L'Azalee Cruises
850
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By cgeorge72
If your fortunate enough to take a private cruise with L'Azalée, hope your fortunate enough to enjoy an evening dinin...
13. Indochina Sails
1,315
By FedwardHyde
Temperature in December is heavenly as “cold” for SE Asia standards. Shot out too to the excellent manager, a former...
14. Emperor Cruises
388
Private Tours • Photography Tours
By 237darrinm
With the majestic beauty of Halong Bay, Emperor Cruises is the perfect place to experience the best of Viet Nam.
15. Alova Cruises
1,181
By IveeLim
Went with courteous and informative tour guide Luca aka Linh for Halong Bay day tour.
16. Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
281
City Tours • Cultural Tours
By 301anastasiae
Halong bay was sparkling and breathtaking. After the boat tour, our driver took as to Hanoi. The drive was very smooth...
17. Viola Halong Travel
336
By LonginLamtraining
The tour guide is so funny and helpful during the tour then finally we have a good dinner at Hội An ancient town wher...
18. The Au Co Cruises
1,267
By Kellersabroad
Lots of activities, well arranged by our Cruise director Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
19. Oriental Sails
1,806
By Camper35800189152
Great hospitality and fabulous food on this cruise !
20. Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
504
By 990sanh
We traveled alot in Vietnam and really enjoyed boat trip in halong bay with our good tourguide mr Ben the man.
Your guide to an elevated Las Vegas bachelorette escape
Although Las Vegas has solidified its status as the ultimate bachelor party destination, the city also deserves a nod for its more sophisticated side that caters to ladies who prefer Champagne and caviar over jello shots. Whether you’re looking for a tranquil spa retreat, a world-class meal, or a first class bash, here is your guide to luxurious bachelorette experiences that still scream, “Vegas, baby!”
Read now
21. Halong Bay Cruises
1,986
By simply
Highlights of the itinerary which differentiated Dragon Legend (1) Visiting a cave and kayaking on an island with fin...
22. Pelican Halong Cruises
822
Boat Tours • Water Sports
By Eldombz
All activities were flawless and I would highly recommend that you stay more than one night to get the full experience!
23. Wego Halong Cruises
450
By moniquepT6594FW
We hiked Titop mountain, kayaked through a cave in the bay, saw monkeys on the islands, hiked through another cave, a...
24. Emeraude Classic Cruises
497
By AnAdventurousWorld
Our cabin was very big, enough for a cot and all our luggage, and it was brilliant waking up among the little islands...
25. Victory Star Cruise
365
By 274l_ot
Excellent , great cruise I love the staff was great and the view was magnificent and thé canin very confortable.
26. Hai Au Aviation
307
Air Tours
By en3phone
This scenic flight was the highlight of Halong Bay.
27. Alisa Cruise
589
By 976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
28. Starlight Cruise Halong Bay
544
By Curiosity03882357859
It’s a wonderful balance of relaxation and exploration, ensuring that guests have a truly personalized experience.
29. Legend Halong
643
By Q2729TFpaulac
We had a wonderful time on a two night cruise In Halong Bay on the Legend boat. The staff were amazing (particular...
30. Glory Legend Cruise
784
By 284martinf
I did a one-night cruise on the Halong Bay in 2015, but in my age, I forget and I enjoyed this new trip. One night is...
1
2
Showing results 1-30 of 51
What travelers are saying
GillandJack
Redditch, UK24 contributions
0
HALONG off the beaten track
We had a wonderful morning with Si from KAB Travel HaLong Bay who took us to the main tourist places of interest in HaLong as well as to local places well off the tourist track. Eating amazing chicken noodle soup in a local street side cafe and drinking Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk high up in the hills were memorable experiences.
Si was very courteous, efficient and caring. He guided me through the slippery fish market and over the busy roads. His English was excellent and he was just a lovely person to be with.
The pagoda we visited with him was the best we saw all holiday , so peaceful and calm.
I would thoroughly recommend Si and his company.
Read more
Review of: Halong Bay
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Kade T
6 contributions
3 days/2 nights cruise
We joined 3 days / 2 nights cruise to this area. It's less crowded. Very beautiful scenery. Highlight of our trip in Vietnam.
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay
Written February 19, 2024
haram B
2 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
Tantanlee
Nice walking cave in Halong
It is nice cave of Halong Bay and it is nice cave of limestone mountains to visit. It takes about 45 minutes for walking. Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us. A good company
Review of: Dau Go Cave
Written February 18, 2023
MizuhoK
Hino, Japan3,282 contributions
Sad to see many PET bottle garbage
The island is named after Russian cosmonaut. This was the first stop during the tour. We were asked to choose either, hiking or swimming. We chose hiking. It was quite a tough one! It was really a hot and humid day. The stairs are quite steep and narrow. There were lots of tourists, you needed to walk carefully for up and down , not to slip or hit.
The view from top was beautiful. You get sweaty!
We saw people swimming at beach. Looked fun in such a hot day at less wave beach.
It was very sad to see tons of PET bottle garbage were not only in trash bins but also everywhere in the island. Maybe tourists brought drinks here and threw them away when finished. When we entered the cruise ship, we were asked not to bring in PET bottles. Only glass bottles were sold in the cruise ship. So there should have be no PET bottles in the island but there were.
We must behave to preserve the great nature.
Review of: Ti Top Island
Written September 2, 2023
Amy P
17 contributions
Awesome crew and boat
Highly recommend this ship and cruise. Small ship (only 8 cabins) but they keep you entertained! There is a cooking class, squid fishing, royal dinner, excursions to a cave and river rafting or kayaking. The staff are amazing and the food is 5 star. If you are looking for an amazing cruise, this is it! Note: we did the one night cruise.
Review of: Paradise Cruises
Written March 2, 2024
Judy H
Bac Ha, Vietnam4 contributions
Fabulous experience in Halong Bay.
We have done both the 3 day Halong Bay cruise with Indochina Junk (2016) & the 1 night cruise ( March 2024) and both have been excellent. We have chosen the smaller boats both times and it has been a lovely experience. The cabins were small but lovely and the food and experiences excellent. We loved the Kayaking particularly. Both trips were very well organised & the arrangements all worked well. The company goes to the much less touristy Bai Tu bay which is so much quieter & very beautiful
Review of: Indochina Junk
Written March 7, 2024
Domenico Strianese
1 contribution
Exciting trip
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and delicious food, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel excited and healthy. Taichi master was excellent, fun and friendly. Thank you so much for the trip and the crew on board!
Review of: Lavender Elegance Cruise
Written September 3, 2023
Peter B
3 contributions
Syrena Cruise Ha Long Bay
Awesome tour, Son, tour guide, makes it even better.
–-------------------------------------------------------
Review of: Syrena Cruises
Abdullah M
"Exquisite Adventure: Alisa Premier Cruise in Ha Long Bay"
My journey aboard the Alisa Premier Cruise in Ha Long Bay was extraordinary. The ship was impeccable, and the staff were exceptionally attentive. Exploring Ha Long Bay's mesmerizing scenery and partaking in activities like kayaking and cave visits was a highlight. The onboard dining surpassed expectations, offering a delectable array of Vietnamese and international cuisine. Luxurious amenities like the spa and jacuzzi added to the indulgence. Overall, the Alisa Premier Cruise provided an unforgettable experience, and I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a premium Ha Long Bay adventure. Massive thanks to the wonderful crew for their exceptional service.
Review of: Alisa Premier Cruise
Coastal54224211723
Fantastic amazing & outstanding
Examplary service by Mr. Morning. Helped in every aspect to understand about each island. Highly recommended to be with his gesture.
Review of: Signature Halong Cruise
Written March 5, 2024
james w
8 contributions
Exceptional Lazalee Cruises - Haylong Bay
I just wanted to put into writing the marvellous experience I had with this company. Although it was just a day trip around Halong Bay, what a day. The boat was just the right size, the food was exceptional, but above all Ruby was the start of the show. I was the only English speaking passenger, but Ruby made me feel as I was the only passenger on board. She may be small in stature, but she is a giant when looking after he clients, what a wonderful advert for the company. Thank you so much Ruby!
Review of: L'Azalee Cruises
Written March 3, 2024
FedwardHyde
Singapore, Singapore85 contributions
Great trip
Great trip from the moment you step on the boat and the staff provides you with hot towels.

The boat is gorgeous and spotlessly clean all around. Hot water & cable tv.
The food very good and abundant. Not having plastic bottles is commendable too to avoid pollution .
All the staff is properly trained and I’m thankful for them changing our sheets in the eve I f after our child had an “accident “ :)
The activities are fun and not slow & petulant. The bike tour of the village for instance, punchy & gorgeous as was the Mrng Kayaking. Temperature in December is heavenly as “cold” for SE Asia standards.
Shot out too to the excellent manager, a former combat medic as well.
Highly recommended.
Review of: Indochina Sails
Written December 29, 2019
JD1932
31 contributions
EXCEPTIONAL!
Wow we have just disembarked off the Emperor Cruise after the most wonderful 24 hours. What a beautiful boat! The food was absolutely exceptional! The most delicious flavours and beautifully presented. A really charming and comfortable cabin with glorious views in which to sleep and relax in when there was free time. Extremely well organised tours and activities, included a fun spring roll cookery class and an extremely interesting visit to a pearl farm. I also learnt some Vovinam moves on the sun deck!
Lastly to Dat and the rest of the brilliant team that looked after us, thank you so much we loved every minute!
Review of: Emperor Cruises
Written February 6, 2024
JinJP
Tokyo, Japan1 contribution
Amazing service with Alova
Amazing service, especially from Billy and his team! Very efficient organising of the cruise which made for an easy and pleasant experience. Great food and of course, amazing views of Halong Bay! Highly recommend!
Review of: Alova Cruises
Written January 5, 2024
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Honeymoon Activities
1.
kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the
beauty
and tranquility of Halong Bay.
2.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and
of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
learn more
3.
K9075GRalexs
James and his team arranged for us a great
cruise
trip to Halong bay included: Sung sot cave, Ti top island and kayak...
4.
tananhn2023
Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice
for us.
5.
fengim
Our
trip visited This attraction TI TOP ISLAND is a must visit, where we could have great time for sunbathing,...
6.
NgocTuN7
Paradise Delight is
Luxury Cruise
, Delicious foods, Excellent services, Friendly staff.
7.
lauriebA4641WN
And to finish,
our tour guide
, aka Coco, is just the best ever!! Always smiling, funny, he remembers all of the clien...
8.
dblgray
Our tour guide
Trang and the crew onboard the cruise were amazing.
9.
Q6485JDdannyc
Amazing trip
Thai Thank you for all for your kind hospitality and warmly welcome and delicious food we really have un...
10.
L4424CGlinam
... scenary was really awesome, the tour to the lake with the monkeys and the Hang
Sung Sot cave
visit was fantastic!
11.
mborofsky
I enjoyed viewing the amazing islands and
kayaking
the best bit the Pearl farming was the interesting also.
12.
cgeorge72
If your fortunate enough to take a
private cruise
with L'Azalée, hope your fortunate enough to enjoy an evening dinin...
13.
14.
237darrinm
With the majestic
of Halong Bay, Emperor Cruises is the perfect place to experience the best of Viet Nam.
15.
IveeLim
Went with courteous and informative tour guide Luca aka Linh for Halong Bay
day tour
.
16.
301anastasiae
17.
LonginLamtraining
The
tour guide
is so funny and helpful during the tour then finally we have a good dinner at Hội An ancient town wher...
18.
Kellersabroad
Lots of activities, well arranged by our
Cruise director
Joy, she was amazing, made the cruise with her perfect organ...
19.
Camper35800189152
Great hospitality and fabulous food on this
!
20.
990sanh
We traveled alot in Vietnam and really enjoyed
boat
trip in halong bay with our good tourguide mr Ben the man.
21.
simply
Highlights of the
itinerary
which differentiated Dragon Legend (1) Visiting a cave and kayaking on an island with fin...
22.
Eldombz
All activities were flawless and I would highly recommend that you stay more than
one night
to get the full experience!
23.
moniquepT6594FW
We hiked Titop mountain, kayaked through a
cave
in the bay, saw monkeys on the islands, hiked through another cave, a...
24.
AnAdventurousWorld
cabin
was very big, enough for a cot and all our luggage, and it was brilliant waking up among the little islands...
25.
274l_ot
Excellent , great
I love the staff was great and the view was magnificent and thé canin very confortable.
26.
en3phone
This
scenic flight
was the highlight of Halong Bay.
27.
976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this
for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
28.
Curiosity03882357859
It’s a wonderful balance of relaxation and exploration, ensuring that
guests
have a truly personalized experience.
29.
Q2729TFpaulac
30.
284martinf
Redditch, UK
24 contributions
Hino, Japan
3,282 contributions
Bac Ha, Vietnam
4 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
85 contributions
Tokyo, Japan
