Flights
Vacation Rentals
Restaurants
Things to do
Da Nang Tourism
Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang Bed and Breakfast
Da Nang Vacation Rentals
Flights to Da Nang
Da Nang Restaurants
Things to Do in Da Nang
Da Nang Travel Forum
Da Nang Photos
Da Nang Map
All Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang Hotel Deals
Last Minute Hotels in Da Nang
Hotels near A La Carte Da Nang Beach
A La Carte Da Nang Beach Features
By Hotel Type
By Hotel Class
By Hotel Brand
Popular Amenities
Popular Da Nang Categories
Near Landmarks
Near Airports
Near Colleges
Explore more top hotels
Popular Hotel Categories
Tours
Apps
Cruises
GreenLeaders
Skip to main content
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Inbox
Sign in to get trip updates and message other travelers.
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
4.5 of 5 bubbles1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
Full view
View all photos (1,977)1,977
Traveler (1581)
Room & Suite (243)
Pool & Beach (219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
1,642 reviews
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Wifi
Pool / beach towels
Infinity pool
Rooftop pool
Pool with view
Outdoor pool
Coffee shop
Restaurant
Breakfast available
Breakfast buffet
Complimentary Instant Coffee
Complimentary tea
Complimentary welcome drink
Swimup bar
Poolside bar
Rooftop bar
Kids club
Highchairs available
Strollers
Airport transportation
Shuttle bus service
Car hire
Taxi service
Conference facilities
Banquet room
Meeting rooms
Spa
Couples massage
Foot massage
Full body massage
Head massage
Manicure
Massage
Neck massage
Pedicure
Rooftop terrace
24-hour security
Baggage storage
Concierge
Currency exchange
Non-smoking hotel
Shared lounge / TV area
Sun umbrellas
Doorperson
Umbrella
24-hour front desk
Dry cleaning
Laundry service
Ironing service
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room service
Safe
Sofa
Wardrobe / closet
Bottled water
Private bathrooms
Wake-up service / alarm clock
Microwave
Minibar
Refrigerator
Stovetop
Electric kettle
Walk-in shower
Complimentary toiletries
Hair dryer
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
Languages Spoken
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi•
Rental Cars
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min•$$$$•Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min•$$ - $$$•Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
2 min•$$$$•Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min•$$ - $$$•Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
2 min•Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
3 min•Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
2 min•Beaches
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min•Bars & Clubs
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated. Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642Review41Q+A100Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent919
Very Good438
Average178
Poor62
Terrible45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Selected filters
Filter
English
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Arturo Torres Gonzalez wrote a review May 2023
Da Nang, Vietnam17 contributions
Not coming back
A La Carte was one of my favorite hotels when visiting Danang. Had previously stayed back in 2017 & 2019 and had a wonderful experience in the past. I decided to give it another try. Unfortunately, my family had mixed experiences during the check-in process. In my case, a friendly bellman greeted me, and the gentleman at the reception desk did a great job getting me checked in. At that time, I did provide my entire family's documents to confirm our check-in process. However, my wife, a local to Danang, did experience a different level of hospitality upon entering the building that I, unfortunately, had to witness primarily by the bellman not allowing her to even hit the elevator area without speaking with the front desk. She attempted to explain to them that she was already…
Date of stay: May 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded May 12, 2023
Dear Mr. Arturo Torres Gonzalez, Thank you for choosing to stay at À La Carte Danang Beach Hotel. We sincerely apologize to you and your family for all the shortcomings and bad experiences during your stay at the hotel. Based on your assessment, we have re-checked and verified the information about the employee who behaved unprofessionally that day. We have sent your feedback to the relevant departments to retrain staff and ensure this situation does not happen again. Thank you for leaving us a most unbiased review. We look forward to welcoming you and your family back with better service. Best regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Terry L wrote a review May 2023
1 contribution
Excellent hotel and service
Had a great experience at this hotel. The room was excellent and the ocean view amazing. The staff go out of their way to help with all your needs. Used the Spa while there and had the best massage ever. Vietnamese massage is so good and Ngoc made me so relaxed. Highly recommend
Date of stay: April 2023
Responded May 3, 2023
Dear Mr. TerryL1397, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day!
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Angela C wrote a review Apr 2023
Largs Bay, Australia38 contributions
Hotel assumes all guests are busy stealing the silverware and misleading listing
We had a Highlight Plus 2 bedroom apartment with the kitchenette including induction stove and microwave (on Booking.com it also explicitly includes cutlery, crockery and cookware but says nothing either way on the hotel's own website). CONS As a whole the hotel treats guests like they're theives. Imagine our surprise when the kitchenette isn't equipped with ANYTHING except 4 coffee cups and teaspoons. It somewhat defeats the purpose. Apparently these were available at an additional charge 😡 You need to sign for towels at the pool and on checkout they also charged us for 2 large bottles of water from the mini bar - no such bottles wete there when we arrived. It wasn't worth my breath to fight it beyond the initial round of disagreement. Additionally the rooms need drastically…
2 Helpful votes
Responded Apr 25, 2023
Dear Ms. Angela Carson,Thank you for leaving a review for our hotel We sincerely apologize and regret that you did not have a complete experience during your stay at our hotel. We will review the issues you mentioned in the review so that we can fix them, to further improve and enhance the quality of our services. Best regards, À La Carte Team
Ni U wrote a review Apr 2023
Everyone so friendly and always smile
Good and friendly. QUYNH in Spa did good jobs, she is friendly and I feeling better after i got foot massage. I love it.and I will come back to do foot massage. Thank you so much and so appreciate it. I have a good time with Quynh and she is pretty ☺️☺️
Response from Marcom ALC, Chủ sở hữu at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Apr 21, 2023
Dear Ms./ Mr. Ni U, Thank you for very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got a great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Mizo2023 wrote a review Mar 2023
Malaysia3 contributions
Nice hotel
Nice location, large room and very friendly staff who helped us a lot during our stay. Thanked to the guy in the reception who always was there to help us when we need. Really recommended and never regret for sure!
Date of stay: November 2022
Responded Mar 19, 2023
Dear Ms. Mizo2023, It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at À La Carte Danang Beach. Thank you so much for supporting us with a five star review. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
TMicahT9 wrote a review Mar 2023
Metro Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota719 contributions
4 nights turned into 2 weeks
We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Ala Carte. We initially booked a 4 nights stay but ended up extending it to two weeks. The location is perfect for long walks on the beach and exploring. The rooms are significantly larger than standard hotels, spotlessly clean, and very comfortable. We had stayed here in a vacation rental in the past and I have to say the quality and cleanliness of booking through the hotel is far superior. Breakfast is fresh with excellent and wide ranging selections. Best of all, the staff are very customer focused. We especially appreciated Bao, Ngoc, and Giang, the bellmen, who were always genuinely kind, helpful, and made us feel very welcomed. Highly recommended.
Date of stay: February 2023
Responded Mar 5, 2023
Dear, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Tripadvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Patrick C wrote a review Feb 2023
Perth, Australia8 contributions
Perfect location Perfect property
We have just returned home to Perth from a stay in Da Nang. Thanks to the A La Carte staff and general comfort of this hotel made our visit to Vietnam so much more enjoyable. The only thing to be carefull of when booking are rooms with city view actually look out onto a building being constructed next door. Buffet breakfast a fantastic variety and choise for asian or western cuisine in a spacious and well set out restaurant.
Dear Ms./ Mr. Patrick C, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on TripAdvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during you visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day!
Rajneesh K wrote a review Jan 2023
Good Hospitality
Location of Hotel is very nice, just opposite to the beach. All staff members are very friendly and helpful. I specifically want mention the name of a person who help us every time Mr. Huan. He is very friendly i wish him good luck for future.
Date of stay: December 2022
Response from À la Carte Danang, Marketing at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Feb 7, 2023
Dear Mr. RajneeshK9, Thank you so much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach for your vacation. We look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang city. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Rohit S wrote a review Jan 2023
New Delhi, India21 contributions
Large Oceanside rooms
Hotel is full of Large spacious clean rooms. Suggest to take 2 bedroom apartment if with kids. Location also good, just opposite the ocean. My family had a great time each morning playing with the ocean tides. Me being vegan, had a tough time in breakfast. Need to improve vegan items in menu. Also kids play area very small, not really a play area. Swimming pool is good if weather is hot, but not heated in case of cold weather Overall service good.
Date of stay: January 2023
Dear Mr. Rohit, First of all, À La Carte Danang Beach would like to thank you and your family for choosing to stay at our hotel. We hope to still welcome your family back to the hotel on another occasion. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Muzie wrote a review Jan 2023
Singapore, Singapore140 contributions
+1
So-so. Nothing to shout loud for.
Ala Carte location is good and room size is spacious. However, staff at counter isn’t really friendly but their doormen are really nice. Housekeeping can be improved. There are water strains on the table for days but cleaner did not wipe it off. During our 8 days stay, the strain wasn’t wiped off. Although there is a kitchenette but no utensils and even drinking glasses provided. Room 1805 condition is a tad run down. Will not stay here if we visit Danang again.
Dear Ms./ Mr. Muzie, Thank you for leaving a review for our hotel We sincerely apologize and regret that you did not have a complete experience during your stay at our hotel. We will review the issues you mentioned in the review so that we can fix them, to further improve and enhance the quality of our services. Best regards, À La Carte Team
PreviousNext
1…56789…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1,977
(1581)
(243)
(219)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
3.3 mi
3.3
mi
42.6 mi
42.6
3 min
3
min
$$$$
Seafood
2 min
2
$$ - $$$
Asian
Healthy
5 min
5
Italian
Bars & Clubs
Beaches
4 min
4
1,642Review
1,642
41Q+A
41
Q+A
100Room tips
100
Room tips
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Arturo Torres Gonzalez
Da Nang, Vietnam
17 contributions
17
A La Carte was one of my favorite hotels when visiting Danang. Had previously stayed back in 2017 & 2019 and had a wonderful experience in the past. I decided to give it another try. Unfortunately, my family had mixed experiences during the check-in process. In my case, a friendly bellman greeted me, and the gentleman at the reception desk did a great job getting me checked in. At that time, I did provide my entire family's documents to confirm our check-in process. However, my wife, a local to Danang, did experience a different level of hospitality upon entering the building that I, unfortunately, had to witness primarily by the bellman not allowing her to even hit the elevator area without speaking with the front desk. She attempted to explain to them that she was already
Date of stay:
transparency report
Terry L
1
Angela C
Largs Bay, Australia
38 contributions
38
We had a Highlight Plus 2 bedroom apartment with the kitchenette including induction stove and microwave (on Booking.com it also explicitly includes cutlery, crockery and cookware but says nothing either way on the hotel's own website). CONS As a whole the hotel treats guests like they're theives. Imagine our surprise when the kitchenette isn't equipped with ANYTHING except 4 coffee cups and teaspoons. It somewhat defeats the purpose. Apparently these were available at an additional charge 😡 You need to sign for towels at the pool and on checkout they also charged us for 2 large bottles of water from the mini bar - no such bottles wete there when we arrived. It wasn't worth my breath to fight it beyond the initial round of disagreement. Additionally the rooms need drastically
Ni U
Mizo2023
Malaysia
3 contributions
TMicahT9
Metro Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Minnesota
719 contributions
719
Patrick C
Perth, Australia
8 contributions
8
Rajneesh K
Rohit S
New Delhi, India
21 contributions
21
Muzie
Singapore, Singapore
140 contributions
140
Previous
Next
…
6
7
9
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementCookie consentSite MapHow the site worksContact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
