Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Game room
THE BEST Hotels with Game room in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Game room
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Game Room
Breakfast included
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
3 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
2023
1. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
152 reviews
#1 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Game room
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
2. Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
#2 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Game room
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
3. Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#3 Best Value of 3 Hai Phong Hotels with Game room
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Hotels with Game Room nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Game Room
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Amman
Amman's layered history is reflected in its diverse people and its varied architecture. The city is home to a multidenominational and multicultural population. Even within the midst of the ultra-modern commercial center, there is evidence of its ancient roots, with colorful souks, Roman ruins, cultural museums and monuments painting a picture of the history of the region.
Phan Rang-Thap Cham
Songkhla Province
Otsu
Sunshine Coast
Bitez
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Game RoomHotels & Motels
Best Seller
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
22.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
27.0 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app. Our..."
"First time at a smart hotel, and I was impressed with the service and experience. The bar works 24/7 and the staff is very kind and friendly. They have a gym, laundry services and a big space for working. Very close..."
Visit hotel website
The Great Wall HNA Hotel
4 reviews
22.8 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"This was my first visit to Hai Duong to see friends I had met in Ha Noi. The hotel is centrally located. Very friendly staff. Unfortunately, no one spoke English, and they did not have my reservation listed from..."
"I did not stay at The Great Wall Hotel, but as it is advertise as a 4 stars hotel and as i am living in Hai Duong for more than 17 years, i wanted to check if they do have, as a 4 stars hotel need to have, a "a la..."
Hai Duong Garden
3 reviews
24.3 miles from Hai Phong
#4 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"The place is most likely the best option in the area for a foreign to stay. Most guests are rather long term residents who are working in the factories around this area. I just stayed there for two nights and can..."
Matches:Game Room
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Halong Happy Hostel
119 reviews
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We only wanted one night, but stayed there two, because it is a lovely place. Friendly staff who are willing to help you arranging every trip (especially ha long bay) nice people, a wonderful atmosphere, nice rooms "
"My friend and I was backpacking and went to the hostel. The staff spoke some english, and were happy to help with our travels. A free beer at night, makes a great starter for talking to others at the hostel and even..."
SOJO Hotel Bac Giang
24 reviews
42.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 B&Bs / Inns in Bac Giang
"Comfortable as always. This time we have great support from Tuan Anh from the reception. We stay for 2 nights during Peak season in New year festival 2024 Gonna stay here again whenever visiting Bac Giang city..."
"Tuan Anh, the employee, was very helpful and kind even at late night. It was very pleasant experience for all pf our team members. Also, he was very good in English and we were able to communicate very well. We were..."
Missing:Game RoomHotels & Motels
Captain Jacks hostel
24.7 miles from Hai Phong
#70 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"I spent a couple of nights in this hostel and I can really recommend. Staff show me the hole island for free and also cheapest local restaurants and give me a lot useful information about cat ba and Vietnam. Bar was..."
"I spent more than 2 weeks in this lpvely place with amazing people. The hostel is pretty new buy they are gonna make sure you have the best catba experience. So happy to arrive to that place and by the way is the..."
Bao Minh Hotel
1 review
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 15 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Duong
Hotel Blue Rose
0 reviews
In Hai Phong
Jade Hostel
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Game Room
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
589 reviews
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
811 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently..."
"Very good hotel. Great value for money and rooms are nice. The tour we booked through the hotel was good and the manager was really helpful. I would definitely recommend this place if you go to cat ba."
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
23.6 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting..."
"Basic, budget friendly hotel in a great location near lots of restaurants, bars and the waterfront. Staff were exceptional in helping us get to Cat Ba, with tour recommendations and anything else we needed for our..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack..."
"Such a yummy hotpot here!! Nice casual vibes and the staff are lovely and fun. Great Christmas energy ⚡️⚡️ Wide variety of food, drinks and cocktails on the menu as well, would definitely come back in the future."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
Hotels Prices From
$155
Hotels Reviews
1,117
Hotels Photos
1,130
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with game room
What are the best hotels with game room in Hai Phong?
Do any hotels with game room in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with game room in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
Which hotels with game room in Hai Phong have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with game room in Hai Phong that have a family room?
Do any hotels with game room in Hai Phong have laundry service?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
