Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat Tours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Boat Tours
Boat Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Italian
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Hang Luon Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
558 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,621
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
1,438
Adventure Tours
6–12 hours
Get out on the water and escape the crowds on land during a cruise that offers the best views of Halong Bay. Ideal for first…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$50
3. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
1,671
Our boats start from Cat Ba island, which is more beautiful and more interesting than Ha Long city. We avoid the crowd, …
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$157
2023
4. Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
1,896
Full-day Tours
11–12 hours
Highlights with Cozy Bay Premium 5 Star Cruise - Halong Full-Day Trip: - Shuttle Bus 2 ways by expressway. - 5 star cruise…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$56
5. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
538
6+ hours
Escape Hanoi and discover Ha Long Bay, the Ha Long Warf, Sung Sot Cave, and the tranquil Ti Top Island. Kayak at Luon Cave…
6. PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
415
Lunch Cruises
9–11 hours
Halong Bay 1-day tour is for travelers who have little time and want to experience the most beautiful part of the Bay.  …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$82
7. (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
413
Bus Tours
Our Cruise is a top-of-the-line cruise experience that offers guests an amazing Tour that allows you to experience the local…
$145
8. Halong 6 hours Boat tour with Cave, Kayak, lunch, transfer high-way from Hanoi
80
10–11 hours
6 hours boat tour to visit the striking, passages uninhabited islets and outcrops have been given imaginative names by the…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$18
9. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
3 days
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
10. Amethyst Luxury Cruise - Full Day Halong Bay Tour from Hanoi City
Amethyst Cruise is one of the best day cruise in Halong Bay with superb services, cutting-edge facilities, and an exciting…
$99
SPECIAL OFFER
11. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
654
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$52$47
12. Best seller Halong Bay Day cruise: Sung Sot cave, Titop, kayaking
1,033
Highlight: Cruising for a full day around Halong Bay with a professional guide and crew - Choosing a longer Journey on …
$58
13. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
197
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
14. Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
74
8–9 hours
The Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Island offers a distinctive itinerary on a spacious cruise, featuring a plethora of …
$35
15. BEST SELLER - Halong 5 Star Day Cruise: Buffet Lunch, Wine& Fruit
728
Spring Break
We are children from many different lands in Vietnam but mainly from Hanoi and Ha Long. Hanoi – The capital of Vietnam with…
$48
16. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
17. Deluxe Ha Long Bay 6 Hours Cruise By Limousine And Small Group
449
Do not hesitate to book a tour with us: * Spend 6 hours on a cruise to explore the beauty of Ha Long bay. * Visiting …
$55
18. (All Inclusive 5-STAR) Amanda Cruise 2 Days 1 Night - Ha Long Bay
330
Our Cruise is the FIRST and ONLY 5-star cruise ship in Ha Long to offer a 2-day-1-night itinerary exploring unspoiled spots…
$189
19. Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
Historical Tours
6 hours
Halong Bay day trip from Halong city, led by a knowledgeable guide Take a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong Bay Kayak…
$39
20. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
A new parent on the magic of all-inclusive resorts
A former skeptic embraces a vacation that actually feels like a vacation.
Read now
21. Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
9
For everyone who wants to experience the landscapes of the heritage region of Cat Ba archipelago and Ha Long Bay. We organize…
$26
22. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
242
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$109
23. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
$126
24. Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
11
Heritage Cruises introduces the first Vietnamese heritage and boutique cruise on the Red River and the Gulf of Tonkin. Our…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$300
25. Halong Bay boat Tour 4 hours from Halong city
44
4 hours
- 2 shifts to go everyday: 8.00 AM to 12h00 and 12h00 to 4.00 PM (please note in your booking) - Short time for Bamboo boat…
$16
26. Halong 6 hours boat tour from Hanoi All Inclusive
3
$40
27. The Most Luxurious Ha Long Bay 1 Day Trip - Jadesails Cruise
This is the most luxurious day cruise visiting Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay with the most comfort limousine. Joining this …
28. Full Day Tour Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay on 5tar Premium Cruise
No trip to the north of Vietnam is complete without a visit to Halong Bay. There are more than 1,600 islets in the bay, …
$125
29. 1 Day Boat Tour: HaLong Bay, Lan Ha Bay, Natural Beach and Full Moon Party
209
Enjoy some of the best sights and activities in the Halong Bay area on this easy day tour from Cat Ba. By touring by boat…
30. 2 Days Bai Tu Long / Ha Long Bay / Lan Ha Bay Luxury Cruise
1
Scenic tickets to visit Ha Long Bay Luxury room Welcome drink for guests boarding the cruise Free kayaking Free tea, …
$185
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 558
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Never Again
What a DAY
Phong - Our tour guide was beyond amazing.

He provided a thorough iteneary as soon as everyone got on the bus.
He was very engaging with the crowd and kep it very entertaining.
I really enjoyed learning the history of Ha Long Bay and loved the legend.
I highly recommend this trip and make sure you get Phong as your tour guide
Read more
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
Written March 7, 2024
Georg P
1 contribution
100% recommend this tour
Amazing tour! Perfect mix of activities and time to enjoy the stunning views! We were amazed how few other tourists we saw since Hang, our guide, knew exactly when and where to go to avoid the crowds. The food was crazy good, we‘ve rarely seen that big of a variaty for vegetarian food.
Big thanks once more to our guide Hang, who was always cheerful, helpful and explained a lot about vietnamese culture and the nature.
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
Written March 9, 2024
Daniel S
4 contributions
Thanks to Tim and the bus driver we had an amazing time!
We loved it.
Thanks to Tim who went above and beyond for all of us to make sure that we got an amazing experience. 1 day was enough for us. Picked us up at our hotel
Review of: Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
Gek A
Halong Bay one day trip!
It was a great trip to halong guided by mr. sunny funny! i thought it was gonna be tiring for me to join a tour but it was a pleasant trip. recommended the trip leaded by mr sunny!
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
anandu a
Los Angeles, CA26 contributions
Halong Bay Great Tour
We booked a private tour with a group of friends on our cruise stop in halong bay. Didn’t know what to expect but we are so happy we booked this tour. Robert was amazing from start to finish, very communicative and responsive. He was extremely patient because the number of participants kept changing and he worked with us to put together a program that would maximize the time we had in port.
He met us at the pier and got us a magnificent boat, boat was new and spotless. We sailed through the beauty of the bay and also had a stop at the caves. The Thien Cung cave was truly magical and so beautiful. We also had the chance to kayak if we wanted to and also had the bamboo boat experience.
This is a really really nice tour but was made that much more special by Robert’s professionalism and attentiveness. Thank you so much for making a stay here very memorable and special, we really had a great time !
Review of: PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
Written March 3, 2024
Sara
Sydney, Australia1 contribution
Good experience
Jack cruise was a great experience. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. Would highly recommend. Dragon was great :)
Review of: (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
yngcords
Bristol, UK25 contributions
Excellent and Great Price
Willy is a brilliant tour guide! The itinerary is perfect. I spoke to others that did 2 day 2 night tour and they said it was unnecessary. The buffet lunch was excellent great options for veggies and vegans (lots of tofu).
Review of: Halong 6 hours Boat tour with Cave, Kayak, lunch, transfer high-way from Hanoi
Written January 31, 2024
Илья Ф
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
Shruti
Best experience
It was an amazing trip! Sunny was a great host, very funny and engaging! Highly recommend this trip for Halong Bay! We booked via Get Your Guide
Review of: Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
Phil I
Great Tour
Very nice tour indeed. Anh Hong (Pink) did a very good job in showing us all sights and answering all of our questions. Thanks
Review of: Best seller Halong Bay Luxury 8 hours cruise, All included
Written March 2, 2024
Lovi N
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Written March 8, 2024
Robert F
12 contributions
Great experience, quality equipment and service
We had taken a two day, one night cruise to Lan Ha Bay with another company, and enjoyed the experience. We had an extra day at Cat Ba so we tried a one day cruise with Serenity. Most impressive! The boat was modern and well presented. It had multiple levels inside and out, offering great variety of relaxation and observation. The tour leader, Phuc, was lively and engaging. The lunch was EXCELLENT. Big choice, lots of food!
Importantly, their kayaks and life vests were virtually new and of good quality, unlike others we observed. Also, they followed a different route to other boats, so we saw a lot more of Lan Ha Bay.
The activities were well planned. We tried the kayaking, but I ran into difficulties part way through. Phuc IMMEDIATELY assisted me, returning me to a waiting rowboat and helping me on board. This company is really focussed on the safety of their clients.
The price was very reasonable given the quality of service, food and activities. I can HIGHLY recommend Serenity. It was a breeze to book this through TripAdvisor, too. All Done before we left Australia and tickets, etc all done digitally.
Review of: Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
Written March 6, 2024
Angela L
3 contributions
Great Halong Bay Day Trip
We had such a great day trip with Jack! He was very engaging and provided fun facts at every stop we went to in Halong Bay. The views were amazing and we had sufficient time in each stop to explore. Would recommend! :)
Review of: BEST SELLER - Halong 5 Star Day Cruise: Buffet Lunch, Wine& Fruit
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for boat tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for boat tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best boat tours in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best boat tours in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best boat tours in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic boat tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for boat tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat tours in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
$52
$47
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Los Angeles, CA
26 contributions
Sydney, Australia
Bristol, UK
25 contributions
