Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Free Breakfast in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Breakfast included
Halong Cheers Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
38 reviews
In Halong Bay
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#30 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
#39 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix my..."
"It is totally one of the best stay of mine in Ha Long after many visits here. Location Tip: Only 5 minutes from the port, great for a quick breakfast or snack before boarding your ship! Food Tip: Try the Pho..."
SeaStar Hotel
#34 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by..."
"What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make sure..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
Aha Halong Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it as..."
"This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are..."
Việt Hoàng Hotel Hạ Long
412.1 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long..."
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
1 review
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#21 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east side..."
May House Hotel
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
2 reviews
#61 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
484.2 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of..."
The Marine Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Luxury Hotel
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
Savanna Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
#77 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
Bin Bop Hotel
#78 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Sunlight Hotel
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Halong Green Homestay
#31 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been..."
"Upon finding the homestay you are greeted by an amazing collection of Bonsai trees and clean walkways. From that moment the host made sure to make us feel right at home. The rooms are clean, the bathroom was..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Yangon (Rangoon)
Yangon (formerly known as Rangoon) is no longer the capital of Myanmar, but it has experienced a huge increase in tourism recently. Book early, as hotel rooms are sometimes hard to find! While you’re in town, the Shwedagon Pagoda, an immense, ancient Buddhist shrine, is a must-see—TripAdvisor travelers recommend visiting at sunrise or sunset.
Read more
Nara
Thirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. "Old Japan" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. Travelers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.
Manali
In Hinduism, Manu was said to have survived a great flood that destroyed the rest of the world. He then recreated mankind in this Kullu Valley town. What a rush, huh? No wonder the towering peaks and verdant terrain of Manali attracts adventure travelers, with heli-skiing, hiking, mountaineering and river rafting the favored active pursuits. Come down from your endorphin high by breathing deeply at the four-story, wooden Hidimba Devi Temple, which sits in the middle of a nearby deciduous forest, or take a medicinal soak in the hot springs burbling from the ground a 30-minute walk from town.
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Hurghada
Stunning coral reefs and turquoise waters perfect for windsurfing have made Hurghada, on Egypt's Red Sea Coast, a busy resort town. Within easy reach of the stunning Giftun Islands and the Eastern Arabian Desert, Hurghada has seen enormous amounts of development in the past decade—and yes, it does seem overrun with tourists at times. But it’s a relatively easy beach escape for Europeans, and some of the world's best diving and snorkeling sites are just offshore. Walk or catch a cab to explore the old quarter, El Dahar.
Yercaud
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Kitchenette
Hotels with Restaurants
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with complimentary breakfast
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
