Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Rarakau wrote a review Jan 2019
Christchurch, New Zealand40 contributions
Exceptional Service
We so enjoyed our stopover at A La Carte Danang! Beautiful facilities, across the road from the beach and gorgeous food in the cafe & elegant main restaurant. The staff very top notch and very attentive & friendly! Close to Ba Na Hills & Hoi An day trips. Thoroughly recommend!
Read more
Date of stay: January 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALC M, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jan 18, 2019
Xin chao Rarakau, Wow! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. They will be happy to know that the minibar voucher went to good use! We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely,
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Jane-ChrisBScotland wrote a review Jan 2019
Dunfermline, United Kingdom35 contributions39 helpful votes
Good place to stay
Our daughter was living in da nang and we were going out to see her. Our daughter arranged a rate at the hotel which was not honoured by the booking centre. Given its proximity to our daughter we eventually paid the higher amount quoted by the booking centre. We had other friends joining us from Australia so booked the two bedroom apartment. It was very spacious and clean. Unfortunately they are building next door and we were on that side. The noise from the building site went on all night some nights. We managed to sleep through most of it! Da nang is noisy anyway and the sounds of traffic horns goes on all night mixed in with the construction I found it lulling! We ate in the top bar and the restaurant and both were good. All in all it was a good place to stay. I would…
Date of stay: December 2018
Xin chao Jane-ChrisBScotland, Thank you for taking the time to post your comments on TripAdvisor after your recent staying with us. We are delighted to read you enjoyed our room and the our restaurant. We have noted with great concern your comments and the low rating regarding your experience and we apologize most sincerely that you did not have an enjoyable stay with us. As you may have seen on numerous reviews, this is very unusual for us to receive such feedback and even more so concerning thereby. Whilst you have highlighted your experience, we will continue to work hard to ensure all our guests are made to feel welcome. We would be very grateful for the opportunity to welcome you back to our hotel in the future and we do hope you will give us another chance to provide you with the quality of service. Yours sincerely,
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
lsmallhorn wrote a review Jan 2019
Orlando, Florida10 contributions7 helpful votes
Mr Lyle Smallhorn
I have been here twice and would recommend it to anyone. They have many things to do. They are across from the beach they have music good food and a friendly staff to help you in all the price is right
Date of stay: May 2018
Xin chào lsmallhorn, We are truly heartened to receive your generous review of À La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us, we are especially pleased that you felt well-looked after by our staff. I will pass your compliments to her and be sure that the whole team are made aware of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
F2555OYjimc wrote a review Dec 2018
Hong Kong, China34 contributions45 helpful votes
Da Nang Hotel
The Hotel rooms are very spacious and clean. The furniture is modern and the bed was very comfortable and well kept. The bathroom was large with a larger shower area with multiple shower heads, hand held and overhead. Bed room has a kitchenette with cooktop, microwave, coffee maker. The hotel has a very nice breakfast buffet on the second floor with made to order eggs and omeletes.
Response from ALC S, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jan 4, 2019
Xin chào F2555OYjimc, We are truly heartened to receive your generous review of À La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us. I will pass your compliments and be sure that the whole team are made aware of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
yinanson wrote a review Dec 2018
Hong Kong, China12 contributions7 helpful votes
Room is spacious but far too noise to rest!
In general my overall impression of this hotel is good. I stayed at this hotel for several nights. I like that the room is quite spacious and the price is quite reasonable at X-Mas holiday. For the breakfast, the Pho provided is in so far the best I have tried in Da Nang and every time I had my breakfast I had 2-3 bowls of Pho. I planned to rate at least 5 for this hotel, but a 3 is given instead because of the following three reasons: 1. In some nights after taking a 10-mins shower by my partner and I, there’s no more hot water! 2. The speed of WIFI is very slow from 8-11pm and I can barely get access to the internet! 3. The most critical reason for giving a 3-star review - IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A REST BEFORE 10pm, never stay at this hotel BECAUSE there’s a night club…
Responded Dec 28, 2018
Xin chao yinanson, Firstly I would like to thank you for taking the time to advise of your stay at A La Carte Danang Beach. It is only through feedback such as yours that we are able to maintain and indeed, where necessary, improve upon the service that we provide to our value guests. I was very disappointed to read of your experience during your stay with us. Whilst an apology will regrettably not after the outcome of your occasion, I do extend it with all sincerity. I certainly empathize regarding the points you mention in your review, especially the noise you experience of the CLUB next to our hotel, however it shut down by 10pm by Vietnamese Law daily anyway.
Ricky Celkos wrote a review Dec 2018
2 contributions
Just wonderful!!
What a lovely hotel and perfect services ! That was our 2nd stay at A La Carte and we had never thought about staying anywhere else in Da Nang. We loved everything about our stay. The hotel had a good position that was close to entertaining areas, restaurants. Clean and spacious with beautiful ocean view. Good food, excellent buffet, all the staffs were wonderful and did a good job, nothing is too much for them. We enjoyed some massages in the spa and found it so relaxing. I wish I could stay there longer and experience much more! Looking forward to staying with you again in 2019.
Date of stay: November 2018
Xin chào RickyCelkos, Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Kums Naidoo wrote a review Dec 2018
Johannesburg, South Africa14 contributions3 helpful votes
Stop over in Da Nang
On route to hoi Ann . We stayed at the A la Carte hotel . It’s near the beach and has a beautiful infinity pool with great views . Great service , average breakfast .. nothing much to do around the hotel unfortunately 😊
Responded Dec 21, 2018
Xin chao kumsN, Thank you for your valuable feedback, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the future. Yours sincerely,
Ngọc Ánh wrote a review Dec 2018
5 contributions2 helpful votes
Convenient location
It has a good location, friendly and heartfelt staff but interiors are too old, I cannot use any adaptor in my room. Although the staff changed other room for me, the adaptors still can't use. I feel very inconvenient because I can find any way to dry my hair and iron my clothes.
1 Helpful vote
Xin chao anhngocj, Thank you for taking the time to share your review with us. We appreciate your valuable feedback as it helps us identify the areas we can improve the guest experience. I was disappointed to learn of the shortcomings you experienced and we're currently taking steps to upgrade some of the bathroom facilities. Sincerely, The A La Carte management
Samrat D wrote a review Dec 2018
Xóm Da Me, Vietnam6 contributions7 helpful votes
Pros n Cons
PROS - very spacious rooms , -quiet on the floors , lifts are fast even they have 23 floors . -Clean and welcoming front desk . -90% Cheerful staffs CONS - Massage expensive than intentional standard compared to a 5 star -WiFi - Very slow ! Takes too long to download even a 30 sec video from any media ... so Better get a data package if you are selecting this hotel -Breakfast- Bad experience, the egg & noodle making guy have a bad behaviour of staring at women .. my wife had to ask me accompanying her for the 2nd round she went to the counter . Even I could feel the unpleasantness right up and all along when standing there !
Response from ALC S, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Dec 13, 2018
Xin chao Samrat D, First, I want to thank you for your feedback for a la carte. While I wish, you had a better experience, it is feedback like this that we learn from and use to improve. We work hard to deliver an exceptional guest experience, and it’s apparent in this case, we fell short. At the time, you were staying with us, the whole city wifi was out of service for routine maintenance. For the inconvenience, it caused, I am sorry. And for the bad experience you had with our staff, we have assured that the matter has been discussed with relative department to ensure it will not happen in the future.The safety of our guests is a priority and such service is an unavoidable necessity that should have been better explained. If you give us a chance to earn back your trust, I can assure you that your breakfast will be on time and your towels will be plentiful. I would be happy to make your reservation personally and and see to it that you enjoy the experience that so many of our guests have grown so fond of. Yours sincerely,
Nikola U wrote a review Nov 2018
Belgrade, Serbia4 contributions
Absolutely awesome!
I have never visited a hotel with friendlier staff. They got us whatever we asked for. They have even put us in contact with their coffee supplier. The pool, the food, the room was just as in the pictures and reviews and better.
Responded Nov 29, 2018
Xin chào nikolau1993, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1617181920…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Rarakau
Christchurch, New Zealand
40 contributions
40
Date of stay:
transparency report
Jane-ChrisBScotland
Dunfermline, United Kingdom
35 contributions
35
39 helpful votes
39
Our daughter was living in da nang and we were going out to see her. Our daughter arranged a rate at the hotel which was not honoured by the booking centre. Given its proximity to our daughter we eventually paid the higher amount quoted by the booking centre. We had other friends joining us from Australia so booked the two bedroom apartment. It was very spacious and clean. Unfortunately they are building next door and we were on that side. The noise from the building site went on all night some nights. We managed to sleep through most of it! Da nang is noisy anyway and the sounds of traffic horns goes on all night mixed in with the construction I found it lulling! We ate in the top bar and the restaurant and both were good. All in all it was a good place to stay. I would
lsmallhorn
Orlando, Florida
10 contributions
10
7 helpful votes
7
F2555OYjimc
Hong Kong, China
34 contributions
34
45 helpful votes
yinanson
12 contributions
12
In general my overall impression of this hotel is good. I stayed at this hotel for several nights. I like that the room is quite spacious and the price is quite reasonable at X-Mas holiday. For the breakfast, the Pho provided is in so far the best I have tried in Da Nang and every time I had my breakfast I had 2-3 bowls of Pho. I planned to rate at least 5 for this hotel, but a 3 is given instead because of the following three reasons: 1. In some nights after taking a 10-mins shower by my partner and I, there’s no more hot water! 2. The speed of WIFI is very slow from 8-11pm and I can barely get access to the internet! 3. The most critical reason for giving a 3-star review - IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO TAKE A REST BEFORE 10pm, never stay at this hotel BECAUSE there’s a night club
Ricky Celkos
Kums Naidoo
Johannesburg, South Africa
14 contributions
14
3 helpful votes
Ngọc Ánh
5 contributions
2 helpful votes
Samrat D
Xóm Da Me, Vietnam
6 contributions
6
Nikola U
Belgrade, Serbia
4 contributions
1
…
16
17
18
19
20
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
