Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangThe Marble Mountains
The Marble Mountains
7,995 reviews
#9 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
MountainsPoints of Interest & LandmarksGeologic Formations
Closed now
7:00 AM - 5:30 PM
Write a review
About
Discover the tunnels and grottoes within Thuy Son, the only one of the five Marble Mountains that’s open to travelers. Marvel at the Buddhist temples carved into the rock, then head to the hilltop overlook for awe-inspiring views of the city. Join a guided tour to learn more about the history of the mountains. To reach the summit, take the elevator or climb the stairs; if you choose to do the latter, be very careful as the marble steps tend to be slippery. Visit early in the morning or later in the day to escape the midday heat and beat the crowds. – Tripadvisor
Read more
Duration: < 1 hour
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (11,900)
Top ways to experience The Marble Mountains
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingOutdoor ActivitiesDay Trips & ExcursionsTheme Parks
Morning Small group to Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain
323
Recommended
Adventure Tours
from $32.70 per adult
Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain Sunset tour
304
from $25.97 per adult
Marble Mountains-Am Phu Cave-Monkey Mountains from Hoi An/Da Nang
16
Bus Tours
from $25.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue to Hoi An or Hoi An to Hue by car via Hai Van pass, monkey mountain, beaches
572
Historical Tours
from $54.93 per adult (price varies by group size)
Half-day MARBLE MOUNTAINS & LINH UNG PAGODA from DA NANG
23
from $32.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Full-day MY SON SANCTUARY & MARBLE MOUNTAINS from DA NANG
8
from $96.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Car Sightseeing Tour from Hue to Hoi An
175
Full-day Tours
from $119.00 per group (up to 3)
Magnificent Marble Mountain Tour
1
from $100.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Hoa Hai, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
101 within 3 miles
Laluna Bar & Restaurant
265
428 ft$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
SC Restaurant & Bar
13
332 ft$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
Hung 68 Food And Coffee
19
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
Attractions
74 within 6 miles
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
427 ftCaverns & Caves
Non Nuoc - Ngu Hanh Son Stone Carving Memory Museum
0.1 miArt Museums
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
0.6 miBeaches
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
LaLaK
Toronto, Canada205 contributions
Beautiful!
Everything is great here. I docked 1 point off the rating only because I think visitors should just prepare for being followed and asked to buy things. The people are friendly and kind but do follow you around if you speak English. It doesn’t overly bother me but I can see it being overwhelming for some. Wear non slip shoes as the steps are obviously very old and crumbling so you want non stick. The elevator up is very hot but only takes about 30 seconds to get up or down. There’s lots of places to buy water and souvenirs. You have to buy a ticket for entrance as well as a ticket to use the elevator up. There are steps to climb up however it can be challenging for anyone who isn’t sure footed. You can always take the elevator down. Ticket in per person is 40,000 dong and elevator is 15,000 dong up and buy another ticket to go down (total 30,000).
Visited March 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 9, 2023
rajkumars160
Bengaluru, India5 contributions
An unreal and divine experience
An experience that can't be put into words. 1. It's easy to reach from Da Nang about 15 mins scooty ride 2. The way up is via elevator as well through a cheap ticket 3. There are multiple caves but the one to not miss out on is the HUYEN KHONG cave. Feels absolutely unreal and there is an air which will just leave you at a standstill.
Visited December 2022
Written March 10, 2023
ZackBklyn
Brooklyn, New York40 contributions
More like a theme park than a cultural attraction
I’m not sure I would recommend this place. Yes, the temples and caves are very cool. But it is crazy crowded, the signage is not great (the map we were given was sort of helpful but we still got lost more than once), and all the neon lights and souvenir stands make it feel more like a theme park than a cultural attraction. If you are staying in Da Nang or Hoi An and don’t have much time to sightsee and don’t mind the theme park atmosphere then you might have a good time, otherwise I’d recommend going to Hue or going to temples that are less commercialized.
Written March 12, 2023
Gauthami B
Sydney, Australia54 contributions
Great experience even with a toddler.
A great experience with our 2.5yr old! Don't bring a pram though. And be prepared to carry your kid up and down a lot of stairs. But our kid enjoyed the experience and so did we. We didn't take the elevator, and the inital staircase was do-able. The stairs to the peak are what was challenging because it was steep!
Traveled with family
Written March 21, 2023
David C
16 contributions
Nice tourist trap
Not for everyone as some steps and caves are rocky steps of marble polished over time. At least one cave, most people chose not to go deeper because the steps are a little challenging.There was a lot of trash and junk,..even in a country known for it one would think more pride would be taken at an attraction like this, making it less beautiful. Overall, it was Ok for money, but note the large hell cave is separate admission. The area at the entrance has a tourist trap vibe and vendors will charge 5x more...they work it well and we're fun, to talk to so yes, we knowingly overpaid.,. For a souvenir with a story.
TravelBrianCO
Pearland, Texas866 contributions
Sweaty awesome mess
Amazing adventure. The caves, lookout points, and atmosphere are not to be missed. You will sweat more than you ever have in your life. The stairs are tough to navigate - slick and uneven. Bring plenty of water and go early to beat the crowds.
Written March 23, 2023
Leannie
Hanoi, Vietnam1,421 contributions
Average and busy
This was our second trip here and we didn't enjoy it as much as the first time. The caves are cool to walk into and a nice respite from the heat but I wasn't a big fan of the windy small stairs to climb up and down especially as they are two way. It does feel like a little bit of a rip off getting charged for every bit separately, the cave, the Pagoda, the lift both ways, would prefer to pay one ticket price which covers you for everything. There are a few vendors to get drinks and ice cream along the way which was welcome in the heat. There was building work going on so it was quie noisy on the lower levels and you did get dust over you when you walked past to the high levels, feel like they could have put up on a dust sheet
Written March 30, 2023
Kate W
6 contributions
A must see
This was an unexpected pleasant surprise. What they have done inside the mountains is amazing to see. The little stalls outside have some lovely gifts also. Must try the fresh coconuts, very refreshing. Make sure you waer comfortable shoes as the floor inside the cave can be slippy
Written April 1, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
marble mountain
steep steps
highest peak
worth the climb
main cave
walk up
worth a visit
buy something
take your time
entrance fee
nice view
elevator
caves
slippery
statues
buddha
paths
lookout
buddhist
vendors
shoes
souvenirs
4.0
7,996 reviews
Excellent
3,630
Very good
3,009
Average
1,058
Poor
204
Terrible
95
Ali_Royal_2015
906 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Go early, wear trainers, take water!
Aug 2023 • Couples
Do your research, be prepared for some physical exertion and you will have an enjoyable & memorable experience at the Marble Mountains.

We arrived at 6:45am and there was nobody else there, not even the ticket office staff but it was good to beat the crowds of tourists and souvenir sellers. It was also much cooler early doors which made the climbing steps and exploring the various areas on the mountain much more enjoyable. We got our 40k tickets just after 7:00am (from ticket booth 2), took the 15k lift up (it doesn’t actually take you very far up the mountain, but enough to get ahead of the few tourists that had arrived early) and started our exploration. There is plenty of walking/scrambling up rocks and around caves to do after you get out the lift but it was worth getting a head start so that we were pretty much alone for the first hour. You really need to be wearing trainers if you want to climb up and down some of the steeper, sharp, slippery areas and that’s where you see the best sights so I would recommend it. Also I would take a bottle of water as even early in the morning it’s pretty hot, although you can buy drinks there for a premium.
The view from various lookout spots is spectacular and the peaceful vibe in the Pagodas and caves is quite special. I am not religious but it’s hard not to be moved by the tranquility and history of the Huyen Khong cave. This was my favourite area on the mountains and we were lucky enough to get it empty to ourselves for about 15 minutes which was an incredible experience.
We walked back down the mountain rather than catching the lift and it wasn’t difficult, just take your time. We also paid the additional 20k to have a look around the Am Phu Cave (next to the main bus park) which is easy to access and worth a look, but for me doesn’t come close to Huyen Khong cave.
Written August 10, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Erik
Porsgrunn, Norway8 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Scam???
Jan 2020 • Couples
You need to pay 2 times to visit some of the caves, and other caves they got on the map and in the pictures, is not there at all. Then you need to pay for another cave so you need to pay 3 times. It is like average but not worth it.
Written January 5, 2020
jenn56
19 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Very spiritual
May 2019
Great place to visit while you are in Da Nang. there is many temples and sculptures inside of the mountain. Inside of the cave gets humid and cold at the same time. Dont forget to bring water. Many crystal shops are all over around the mountain. You can get those in very good price.
Written January 20, 2020
lynxchan
Singapore, Singapore71 contributions
Unexpectedly good
May 2022
Hubby and I went with Explore Vietnam private tour. Our tour guide (Tai) was a good sports, explaining the murals, history and capturing great photos for us. There is a very slippery and steep narrow path that we attempted, but turned around as I wasn't confident of the way back. Though it would be a lot cheaper visiting yoaurself, it will be a much more enriching experience going with a guide to gain a better appreciation of the Marble Mountains.
Written May 14, 2022
JackyTanSG
Singapore, Singapore2,742 contributions
Nice View Near the Elevator
We were lucky to capture the sunset views of the other four marble mountains near the elevator. There are two caves here. The one at the top is pretty dangerous to climb especially on rainy days. We do not recommend this attraction for tourists will walking difficulties.
Written January 9, 2020
Port8209
13 contributions
Worth a visit
Mar 2020 • Couples
We decided to visit the marble Mountains by bus as we wanted to ‘go local’ and don’t particularly like following organised tours. It was really easy to catch the number 1 bus from Hoi An and cost 20000 dong each way (about 70p GBP). We stopped directly opposite the road to the mountains- easy to tell as there is a huge elevator on the mountain and visited Am Phanh caves first where you need to buy a ticket. Beware of some of the climbs - the steps are steep and can be slippery but the views at the top are good. They are impressive but we preferred the caves in the marble mountains (in all the guide books the photo with the shafts of light coming through, is a cave within this complex). We took the elevator up (cost an extra 15000 dong - 50p GBP) but well worth it as there are a lot of steps to climb within the complex and it is hot.
We spent a few hours here and that was enough time to see everything we wanted. We only had to wait a few minutes for the bus so were really pleased with our choice.
Written March 9, 2020
Mica L
United Kingdom105 contributions
Should definitely visit.
Easy to find if your driving yourself. Plenty of parking.
There are tickets to enter by the stairs (40,000VND for 2 pax) & there are also tickets to enter by the elevator (not sure of the pricing of that.)
There are quite a few stairs if you choose that ticket & be aware there are more stairs to get to the main cave even if you get the elevator.
Some lovely views, pagodas, temples & caves to see.
The main cave at the top was a little cramped & a bit of a squeeze to climb up if your claustrophobic. Also, you're climbing up raw marble rocks so to call them 'stairs' is a stretch. They were super slippy & the family in front of me struggled with their young child, so something to be mindful of.
Written January 30, 2020
Helena G
Maryborough, Australia28 contributions
Andy's Tours in Vietnam
Jun 2017 • Friends
I can highly recommend Andy's tours from personal experience on tours of Vietnam with Andy. Andy is on time, reliable, courteous, polite, knowledgeable, and has an abundance of information imparted in very good English to his tour participants. Andy is helpful with any question one may ask. Andy goes the extra mile.
Go Andy!
Go with Andy!
Written October 6, 2021
Mar 2023 • Couples
Finds_posts
Jakarta, Indonesia250 contributions
good
Aug 2019
hard climb up. inside the cave is not recommended for claustrophobic peoples. it is very beautiful if you climb the cave and see the view from the top. the attraction outside the cave is of course good enough.
Written July 1, 2020
2
3
…
Showing results 11-20 of 5,366
Also popular with travelers
2023
Son Tra Mountain
827
Mountains
Open now
Beaches
2024
My Khe Beach
2,649
Caverns & Caves
DHC Marina
200
Marinas
Phuoc My Beach
60
Hot spring Park
59
Hot Springs & Geysers
Red Beach
81
Bãi Đá Đen
Riverside Park
12
Parks
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
The Marble Mountains - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Points of Interest & Landmarks
Geologic Formations
Tours & Sightseeing
Outdoor Activities
Day Trips & Excursions
Theme Parks
$32.70
$25.97
$25.90
$54.93
$32.00
$96.00
$119.00
$100.00
428 ft
$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
332 ft
$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
0.2 mi
$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
427 ft
0.1 mi
Art Museums
0.6 mi
Toronto, Canada
205 contributions
March 2023
as a couple
Bengaluru, India
5 contributions
December 2022
Brooklyn, New York
40 contributions
Sydney, Australia
54 contributions
with family
Pearland, Texas
866 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
1,421 contributions
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Porsgrunn, Norway
8 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
71 contributions
2,742 contributions
United Kingdom
105 contributions
Maryborough, Australia
28 contributions
Jakarta, Indonesia
250 contributions
