Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Gia Lai Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamGia Lai ProvinceThings to Do in Gia Lai Province
Things to Do in Gia Lai Province, Vietnam - Gia Lai Province Attractions
Things to Do in Gia Lai Province
Enter dates
Sort
Map
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Show more
Types of Attractions
Sights & Landmarks
Nature & Parks
Nightlife
Spas & Wellness
Classes & Workshops
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
23 places sorted by traveler favorites
1. Chu Dang Ya Volcano
16
Volcanos
By LQK2010
The volcano relics were 30km away from Pleiku. On the way, we really enjoyed the natural scenery with the ethnic...
2. Minh Thanh Temple
32
Points of Interest & Landmarks
By Maidang89
The pagoda has the most special architecture with many statuses brought from Taiwan. Visit here brings ppl peaceful...
3. Sea Lake
3
Bodies of Water
4. T'Nung Lake ( Ia Nueng)
53
By HauPhucLe
- T'Nung Lake (also known as To Nueng, Ea Nueng, Bien Ho) has an area of nearly 300 hectares, located at an altitude...
5. Kon Ka Kinh National Park
5
National Parks
By sergep79
I tracked through the jungle for two days with a guide (400-500 VND per day incl guide) and stayed overnight in the...
6. Thien Duong Giac Son
6
Religious Sites
By NorthStar822485
So stunning to go for relax your mind and practice meditation, best choice to go...
7. Phu Cuong Waterfall
13
Waterfalls
By 13khanhh
A good destination to discover at Gia Lai Location at Chư Sê district, 40km from Pleiku city The nature so nice, green...
8. Doi Co Hong Dak Doa
2
9. Plei Chuet Montagnard Church
1
10. Dong Nhi Cemetery
Cemeteries
By The_Pale_Ridah
Through the compassion of one man the ‘unborn’ are given his family name & buried as a tribute to a bargain made with...
11. Camp Holloway
7
Battlefields
By Penny5555
If you served at Camp Holloway during the Viet Nam conflict, it is healing to see the site but there is not much left...
12. Biển Hồ Chè Gia Lai
Open now
13. Thac 50
14. S.E.F Lounge & Chill
Bars & Clubs
15. An An Jjim-Jil-Bang Spa
Spas
By Happystates
So much happy in this shop where we stayed in 120 minute package and we really enjoyed our time with skillful staff...
16. Day And Night Pleiku
17. Van Anh Garden Spa
18. Đồng Phục Gia Minh
Speciality & Gift Shops
19. Essential Vietnam Tours
Historical & Heritage Tours • Bike Tours
By KhamKuang
Near by there is a beautiful beach with good local food. We like our tour so much. Thanks the tour guide we will...
20. GIALAI ECOTOURIST Co.,Ltd
Multi-day Tours • Sports Camps & Clinics
21. Candid photoshoot in Vietnam
Photography Tours
22. Joy Diamond Tour
Sightseeing Tours • Nature & Wildlife Tours
23. Bãi Bồi Tiên Sơn
What travelers are saying
Minh Dan Vu
Lelystad, The Netherlands5 contributions
0
Peaceful hour spend
Wonderful peaceful place. You can follow the signs to the parking place. It will be very clear you are at the right spot. I had to ask some locals because I wasn't sure where to summit to the top but once I followed the sign (like a sane person) I got to the correct parking spot where there is a clear road to the top. Do not try to just summit from wherever, it's dangerous and prickly. At the parking lot, you will probably get offered a motordrive to the top. Lady said it would be an hour to walk to the top. I got there in 10 min hehe. So definitely walk. It's a very nice walk, steep but doable. Wear good shoes tho, it's very slippery because of the lose sand. Spend some time enjoying the view. There are 3 craters. Whole experience can be done in 2 hours.
Read more
Review of: Chu Dang Ya Volcano
Written January 13, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
chris h
San Francisco, CA225 contributions
A must stop in Pleiku
If you are in Pleiku this is a good stop to get a feel for the locals who are quite proud of this place of worship.
Review of: Minh Thanh Temple
Written February 6, 2020
Shuddho G
Kolkata (Calcutta), India865 contributions
Amongst the few must do things in Pleiku/Gia Lai
Pleiku by itself is not much specially after its more famous neighbour - Kon Tum,inspite of being much bigger.A busy soulless commercial town.However,the lake is a welcome respite from the traffic and buildings.Amazing nature.
Review of: T'Nung Lake ( Ia Nueng)
Written December 17, 2019
serge p
Rotterdam, The Netherlands6 contributions
9
Kon Ka Kinh - off the beaten track
I visited Kon Ka Kinh in Jan 2018. It was my favorite destination in Vietnam. In flew in via Pleiku. It proved difficult to find information on the park; acces, permit, guides etc. By asking around I found the Gia Lai Eco tourist office, (82 Hung Vuong st, Pleiki) the only office with English speaking agents in Pleiku. It seemed I was the only visitor during my period there. I was blown away by the service by miss Anh and Nga from the office. Not only did they help me with all that comes with visiting the park, they invited me for dinner, English lessons for the kids, etc. Kon Ka Kinh park is about 70 km from Pleiku. I went by bike (about 1.5 h drive). Make sure to have arranged a guide and permits in advance. It might be a problem in you havent. I tracked through the jungle for two days with a guide (400-500 VND per day incl guide) and stayed overnight in the park (200-300 VND). I had dinner with the park staff. Kon Ka Kinh is truly primary jungle. The fauna is amazing and multiple endangered animal species live in the park.
Review of: Kon Ka Kinh National Park
Written January 12, 2018
Vienman
1 contribution
Peacefull place
If you come to pleiku, u expect a natural and basic livestyle but in pleiku they can not build what we want. Come to this place and enjoy natural.
Review of: Thien Duong Giac Son
Written November 6, 2018
Garry A
Bangkok, Thailand179 contributions
very good
Waterfall was great , lots water in november 2022 , no signposts from main raid , i drove past the entrance , had to ask a few people using translate on my phone , only saw 6 people during my visit , no entrance fee , old metal staircase goes down to the waterfall has definately seen better days but its there and it works !!! took 1 hour from pleiku om motorbike , easy drive , worth visiting
Review of: Phu Cuong Waterfall
Written November 26, 2022
SeanAdvice
Sydney, Australia35 contributions
I have no idea what to make of this place
I came alone and only knew a little about this cemetery. There were three curators, one of which could speak English. They were all very friendly and insisted I sit with them in the shade to have a chat and some water. Then the two that spoke no English showed me around so that I could take photos. One of them had a wallet filled with photos of the unborn children that rested in the graves - these were hard to look at but I felt obliged. Afterwards I walked around by myself to take some photos.

All in all it's worth a visit.
Review of: Dong Nhi Cemetery
Written February 27, 2014
Penny5555
Georgetown, TX132 contributions
Limited Appeal
If you served at Camp Holloway during the Viet Nam conflict, it is healing to see the site but there is not much left - bit of the former air strip. A Vietnamese Military facility covers most of the area of Holloway so we traveled pubic roads around that facility to find through neighborhoods to find a the airstrip.
Review of: Camp Holloway
Written December 12, 2018
Happystates
Excellent services
So much happy in this shop where we stayed in 120 minute package and we really enjoyed our time with skillful staff thank you
Review of: An An Jjim-Jil-Bang Spa
Written July 22, 2019
Frequently Asked Questions about Gia Lai Province
What are the top attractions to visit in Gia Lai Province?
What are the best outdoor activities in Gia Lai Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
1.
LQK2010
2.
Maidang89
3.
4.
HauPhucLe
5.
sergep79
6.
NorthStar822485
7.
13khanhh
8.
9.
10.
The_Pale_Ridah
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
KhamKuang
20.
21.
22.
23.
Lelystad, The Netherlands
5 contributions
San Francisco, CA
225 contributions
Kolkata (Calcutta), India
865 contributions
Rotterdam, The Netherlands
6 contributions
Bangkok, Thailand
179 contributions
Sydney, Australia
35 contributions
Georgetown, TX
132 contributions
