Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Hospital Cave, Cat Ba
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Hospital Cave
View map
Hotels near Hospital Cave
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Hospital Cave
Popular
72
5 stars
12
Pool
56
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
134
Breakfast included
89
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
130
162
173
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
784 of 1,910 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Hospital Cave

Top Rated
2023
61. Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
811 reviews
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Hospital Cave
#61 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…”
62. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
Cat Co 3 Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Hospital Cave
#62 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...”
63. Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
268, 1-4 Street | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Hospital Cave
#63 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower ”
64. Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
Cat Co III Beach | Cat Ba Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420, Vietnam
#64 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...”
65. Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
4.7 miles from Hospital Cave
#65 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…”
66. Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
14 Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
10.5 miles from Hospital Cave
#66 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
67. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000, Vietnam
10.6 miles from Hospital Cave
#67 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…”
68. Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town | 4hrs by boat from Halong Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84, Vietnam
#68 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!”
69. Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
Cat Co 1 | Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#69 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...”
70. Tran Chau Garden home
4 reviews
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.8 miles from Hospital Cave
#70 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...”
71. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Hospital Cave
#71 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
72. Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
G15, Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#72 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
73. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area | Tuan Chau Ward, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#73 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
74. Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company, Halong Bay 01000, Vietnam
#74 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
75. Ha Long Land Hotel
O A78 A79 Au Tau | Tuan Chau, Ha Long 01000 - 02000, Vietnam
10.7 miles from Hospital Cave
#75 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
76. Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
10.8 miles from Hospital Cave
#76 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
77. Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
Cat Co 1, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#77 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...”
78. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
Du_ng Ng_c Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000, Vietnam
11.1 miles from Hospital Cave
#78 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…”
79. Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303, Vietnam
#79 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
80. The Postcard Hotel
O So 1, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
11.4 miles from Hospital Cave
#80 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…”
81. Anh Duong Hotel
Ngoc Chau street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#81 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...”
82. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
11.9 miles from Hospital Cave
#82 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
83. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#83 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
84. Cat Ba Freedom Island Retreat
#84 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…”
85. Moc Tra Hotel
O 61 Khu Cang Tau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620, Vietnam
#85 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
86. Flamingo Lan Ha Bay Resort
Cat Co 1,2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#86 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...”
87. Draco QK3 Cat Ba
9 reviews
251 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951, Vietnam
#87 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…”
88. Camellia Tuan Chau
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…”
89. Holiday View Hotel
179 reviews
Road 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#89 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...”
90. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
Previous
Next
123456…
784 of 1,910 properties
Clear all filters
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a
perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and…
Cat Co 3 Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle
d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
268, 1-4 Street
Cat Ba Town
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down
to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
Cat Co III Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420,
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach
and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
We spent four days five nights at this resort,
and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
14 Ngoc Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000,
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the
staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town
4hrs by boat from Halong Bay
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84,
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them.
The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
Cat Co 1
Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach
Halong Bay,
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The
place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay.
The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
G15, Ngoc Chau
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area
Tuan Chau Ward
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company
Halong Bay 01000,
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
O A78 A79 Au Tau
Tuan Chau
Ha Long 01000 - 02000,
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
It is a lovely property, great beach access and
the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
Du_ng Ng_c Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000,
The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
The resort is very good value for money. Good
location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303,
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
O So 1
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the
4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
Ngoc Chau street
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs
so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are
broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
O 61 Khu Cang Tau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620,
Cat Co 1,2
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous
location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
251 Duong 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951,
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat
Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a
ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Road 1/4
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a
real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
