Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayFishing charters & tours in Halong Bay
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Fishing Charters & Tours
Fishing Charters & Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Fishing Charters & Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
Popular Attractions
Hanoi Opera House
Bai Tu Long Bay
Vietnam Tonkin Cruise
7 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Halong bay deluxe cruise 2 days/ 1 night: kayaking, titop island, surprise cave
18
Swimming
2 days
Small, wooden & traddional boat Cruising in Halong bay - the world heritage site in Vietnam Passing beautiful landscapes…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 100% of travelers
from
$140
per adult
Reserve
2. Halong Bay Day Tour: 4 hour cruising, caving, kayaking & lunch
10
Adventure Tours
4–12 hours
Visiting Halong bay with beautiful landscapes: Dinh Huong islet, Ga Choi islet, Ba Hang fishing villages Day Boat trip …
$60
3. Halong bay boutique cruise 2 days trip: Kayaking, swimming & caving tours
3
Visiting Halong bay with beautiful landscapes Kayaking in Halong bay Swimming at the nice beach Cooking class (making…
4. Bai Tu Long Bay Boutique Cruise: Visit Bai Tu Long bay & Overnight boat in 2 day
Bus Tours
Visiting Halong bay with beautiful landscapes Visiting Bai Tu Long bay with beautiful landscapes Cruising Ha Long bay & …
5. Bai Tu Long bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking & swimming at pristine places
2
Cruising in Halong bay & Bai tu Long bay, passing beautiful landscapes Do kayaking or bamboo boat around Vung Vieng fishing…
6. Luxury Halong Bay Cruise 2 Days-1 Night with 5 Star included transfer & pick up
5
Housed in a traditional wooden boat, Signature Halong Cruise offers luxurious suites with stunning views of Ha Long Bay, …
$290
7. Package: 2Days–1Night (Lan Ha Bay–HaLong Bay-Fisherman Floating House Sleeping)
1
As tourist know to Ha Long Bay as Natural wonder Heritage of the world, now day more and more Boat tour’s organizer made…
$155
Keep the fun going with other experiences in the area
Sunset and evening with glowing plankton with Cat Ba Local Adventure
31
Kayaking Tours
4 hours
Many people are paying a lot of money to stay overnight on expensive boat just to experience what we offer. A side from …
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$42
3 days 2 nights discover majetstic of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay
63
3 days
We organise the trip to the most beautiful places in Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay with less touristic areas. Our group is…
$239
Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay 2 Days 1 Night with Sunlight Premium
51
This is a journey to explore the magnificent beauty of the world in Lan Ha Bay. Lan Ha Bay is one of the most beautiful …
$149
Full day hikking in Jungle of Cat Ba National park
13
6+ hours
Cat Ba National Park covers 15,200 ha, including 9,800 ha of forest and 5,400 ha of sea surface. In particular, the strict…
$39
2 Nights Exploring Halong and Lan Ha Bay with Round trip transfer
96
Breakfast
Spend 2 nights cruising around Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay on 5 star double bottom technology. Highlights include Dark and…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$665
per group
Rock Climbing Tour at Moody Beach
75
Climbing
5 hours
Our rock climbing half day trip is an exhilarating vertical adventure that will push your boundaries, redefining what you…
$73
Deep Water Solo
9
Do you know that Lan Ha Bay – Cat Ba Island is one of the most distinctive tidal changes in the world? A great condition…
Taking safety measures
Luxury Lan Ha Bay Cruise Day trip: Kayaking, Biking, swimming
Full-day Tours
8–13 hours
1. An exclusive one-day journey from Hanoi to Cat Ba and Lan Ha Bay awaits 2. Luxury cruise features spacious areas, a …
2 Days 1 Night Discovery Halong Lan Ha Bay Group for 2 adults
208
Jet Boat Rentals
Elite of the Seas is the best cruise to fully experience the whole Ha Long Bay. Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay cruising creates…
$765
Dora Cruises 3 days 2 nights depart from Hanoi Old Quarter
4
4WD Tours
Margaret Cruises is designed with the perfect balance of the classic and modern style. Spread over 4 decks with 25 spacious…
$528
Lan Ha boutique & budget cruise 2D/1N: kayaking, swimming at pristine bay & meal
Cruising in deeply Lan Ha bay where less touristy Friendly services on traditional & boutique boat Visiting Ba Trai Dao…
Premium Day Tour to Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay with LUXURY CRUISES
6–12 hours
Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay Luxury Day Tour is a good option for you to enjoy your holiday in Vietnam. Lan Ha Bay has recently…
$90
Lan Ha Bay 2D/1N Boutique Boat: kayaking, cycling, swimming at pristine places
Cruising in Lan Ha bay Visit pristine places in Lan Ha bay Visit Three peach beaches Kayaking & Swimming at pristine …
LAN HA BAY OVERNIGHT CRUISE (Less Tourist Area,Meals,Kayak,Bike)
Lan Ha Bay, like a hidden place, shows its scenery thanks to its unspoiled and magnificent natural beauty. For those who…
$135
Halfday trekking Cat Ba Butterfly valley (more intense)
Nature and Wildlife Tours
Step away from the beaten path and discover Cat Ba Island’s hidden beauty. With our local, English-speaking guide, safely…
$30
Cozy Boutique Cruise - Lan Ha Bay & Cat Ba Island Explorer 3 Days
3 Days 2 Nights Cozy Boutique Cruise : For those who have more time for this authentic trip, a three-day two-night cruise…
$299
Cozy Boutique Cruise - Lan Ha Bay & Cat Ba Island Explorer 2D1N
Off The Beaten Path Cruise! Lan Ha Bay, like a hidden place, shows its scenery thanks to its unspoiled and magnificent …
$159
Private Charter Junk in Cat Ba Island & Lan Ha Bay 3days/2nights
For those who have more time for this authentic trip, a three-day two-night cruise at a relaxed pace is ideal to discover…
$700
Lan Ha Bay Deluxe Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, Swimming at pristine places & meals
Small group tours & traditional, wooden & small boat Visiting & Cruising Lan Ha bay Visit deeply Lan Ha bay where less…
What travelers are saying
VanessaRowe
Washington DC, DC2 contributions
0
Great fun!
It was a great fun and the activities were safe. The staff were awesome. I will recommend this to friends at home!
Review of: Halong bay deluxe cruise 2 days/ 1 night: kayaking, titop island, surprise cave
Written April 23, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Godsalin
1 contribution
Don't miss it!
Do not miss the Kayaking when visiting Halong bay. It is one of the best parts of the whole cruising trip. We’re got an amazing experience!
Review of: Halong Bay Day Tour: 4 hour cruising, caving, kayaking & lunch
Written February 2, 2020
Paulmabry
South Korea1 contribution
Very good small group cruise
There were around 18 - 20 people in our group and we thoroughly enjoyed the smaller boat experience. Kenny was a great guide and all of the staff were courteous and helpful. Would definitely recommend this cruise!
Review of: Halong bay boutique cruise 2 days trip: Kayaking, swimming & caving tours
Written April 9, 2020
Sofia
Vancouver Island, Canada2 contributions
Good experience
Overall the experience onboard was satisfactory. The room was spacious and clean enough and the staff were all friendly!
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay Boutique Cruise: Visit Bai Tu Long bay & Overnight boat in 2 day
Written April 27, 2020
AndreaBain
Very well worth!
The Bay was is very well worth a World Heritage Site. The Ship was a beautifully appointed three decker, Cabins are ample, comfortable and have excellent ensuite shower rooms. Sundeck are extensive and immaculately clean. Staff were nevertheless invariably smiling, helpful and eager to please!
Read more
Review of: Bai Tu Long bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking & swimming at pristine places
Written March 5, 2020
Thanh T
herndon va50 contributions
Relaxing and enjoying the beautiful of the nature and make acquaintance to new friends
It is a very please trip from hotel pick up and the transferring to the bay and the cruise ship.
Excellent services
Review of: Luxury Halong Bay Cruise 2 Days-1 Night with 5 Star included transfer & pick up
Written December 30, 2019
Larry N
2 contributions
Bad tour. Do Not book
They overbooked and canceled my reservation. My Ha long Trip was ruined after this. Even on pickup date, they said the tour guide has my name and expected me but then it didn’t happen and told me later that my reservation was canceled 2 days ago. This was on my pick up date
Review of: Package: 2Days–1Night (Lan Ha Bay–HaLong Bay-Fisherman Floating House Sleeping)
Written March 4, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay for groups?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Fishing charters & tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
Washington DC, DC
South Korea
Vancouver Island, Canada
herndon va
50 contributions
