Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Scott H wrote a review Mar 6
21 contributions
Everything broken
Hotel pool closed construction on roof is loud , kids play room closed,elevators not working so have to wait long time for lift,a/v in room crashed so downgraded to room with small balcony, plus top floor closed.Only high light of trip was Quynh at spa she did wonderful job.
Read more
Date of stay: March 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
DaunFabian wrote a review Feb 2024
2 contributions
Amazing Hotel
Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I recommend everyone to come an stay here!
1 Helpful vote
Response from ALC Guest Service, Chủ sở hữu at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded 6 days ago
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Nam N wrote a review Feb 2024
17 contributions
Excellent stay for family
Had a wonderful stay here at this charming hotel with yummy breakfast and lovely staff. We loved the food and warm service from the beginning to the end . Our kids loved to hang at swimming pool all day long. It's very easy to stroll around at the beautiful beach nearby
Date of stay: February 2024
Annelie N wrote a review Feb 2024
1 contribution
Best time at A la Carte Hotel!
Very nice, clean and so friendly both the Hotel and Spa. We went for the spa several times and have such relaxed time. We try the Vietnames massage and also the facial. And it was so fantastic we look younger and fresh. We we go here again, Best regards Annelie & Peter
David K wrote a review Feb 2024
Cheongju, South Korea1 contribution
Good stay at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
I stayed with my family at this hotel one night for two days. This hotel was excellent. The staff was so kind, and the room was spotless. Especially the breakfast was so delicious. The menu was very varied. If you go to Da Nang, I highly recommend this hotel.
Ban H wrote a review Jan 2024
4 contributions
Best Danang resort hotel
Best hotel in Danang. I been here couple times and definitely come back. Great pool, restaurant, golden rule service especially Nhat manager make me feel like home, in addition Loc always very helpful. You should checking out and you will love it!
Date of stay: January 2024
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded 5 weeks ago
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Charles E wrote a review Jan 2024
Wonderful Stay
My wife and I have been here a couple of weeks now. The hotel and location could not be better. My wife just got back from the Spice Spa and mentioned that an attendant named Quynh did a fantastic job for her. We can not think of anything negative. We will surely come back here to stay on our next trip to Danang.
otilia_piano wrote a review Jan 2024
Singapore, Singapore182 contributions
Great stay in Danang
Exceptional hotel for families! We had a 2 bedroom apartment and the hotel could provide a cot for our baby. The location is ideal, just across the beach, and close to many restaurants. The hotel is very clean, the breakfast is exceptional with a large area of choice, the staff are very friendly, there is a bar, gym, pool and spa at the top floor. There is even a small indoor play area close to the restaurant (not a very good supplies of toys, but it could keep my baby busy while we took our breakfast). We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and we strongly recommend it!
Responded Jan 14, 2024
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Tripadvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Ashish J wrote a review Jan 2024
Gold Coast, Australia16 contributions
Beautiful beach views from our bedroom. The suite was clean and comfortable. Room service was prompt and not overpriced. The rooftop bar was relaxing with 360 views of the beach and city. The buffet breakfast was amazing with a wide variety of ethnic and western food. The staff were very polite and helpful.
Responded Jan 5, 2024
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon Best Regards, À La Carte Team
movinonup12 wrote a review Jan 2024
Sterling, Virginia7 contributions
Excellent Stay
We had a great stay at A La Carte Da Nang Beach. Rooms were spacious, clean and comfortable, and the hotel was centrally located and convenient to everywhere we wanted to go. The breakfast buffet was spectacular. The hotel provided us with a late check-out on our last day for no additional charge, which was greatly appreciated so that we would not have to kill several additional hours somewhere before our flight. Highly recommend!
Date of stay: December 2023
Responded Jan 2, 2024
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach for your vacation. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang city. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Which popular attractions are close to A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Nearby attractions include Sky 21 Bar (0.09 miles), My Khe Beach (0.1 miles), and Phuoc My Beach (0.05 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include a swimup bar, a rooftop bar, and free wifi.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Top room amenities include a kitchenette, a minibar, and air conditioning.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Guests can enjoy a swimup bar, a rooftop bar, and an on-site restaurant during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Yes, parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Conveniently located restaurants include Nem Restaurant, Sky View Restaurant, and My Casa Tapas Bar.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Yes, guests have access to a pool and a fitness center during their stay.
Does A La Carte Da Nang Beach have airport transportation?
Yes, A La Carte Da Nang Beach offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at A La Carte Da Nang Beach?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Does A La Carte Da Nang Beach offer any business services?
Yes, it conveniently offers meeting rooms, a banquet room, and conference facilities.
Does A La Carte Da Nang Beach have any great views?
Yes, guests often enjoy the harbor view available here.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Scott H
21
Date of stay:
transparency report
DaunFabian
Nam N
17
Annelie N
1
David K
Cheongju, South Korea
Ban H
Charles E
otilia_piano
Singapore, Singapore
182 contributions
182
Ashish J
Gold Coast, Australia
16 contributions
16
movinonup12
Sterling, Virginia
7 contributions
7
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
