Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hiking Hotels
THE BEST Hiking Hotels in Can Tho
Can Tho Hiking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
1 of 574 properties is available and matches your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Hiking
1. Binh Minh Ecolodge
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
11 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1 Can Tho Hiking Hotels
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
Popular destinations for Hiking Hotels
Trat Province
Davao City
Davao City is a gateway to Mindanos, one of the Philippines’ largest islands, and home to Mt. Apo, one of the highest mountains in the archipelago. In Davao City, lovers of durian can eat their fill beneath a sculpture dedicated to the pungent fruit.
Read more
Kuta
Jalpaiguri
Binsar
Omsk
Perm Krai
Antananarivo
Built on a narrow, rocky ridge, Antananarivo occupies a strategic point at the center of the island of Madagascar. Two forts watch over the city from the east and southwest, while within the city limits lay royal palaces, embassies, some fifty churches and a mosque. The city's most distinguishing feature may be the burnt out remains of the Rova, or Queen's Palace, situated on a prominent hill. Its steep alleys and stairways make Antananarivo a challenging but rewarding city to explore on foot.
Sinop
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hiking
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Hoang Anh Homestay
1 review
In Can Tho
#50 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Le Loc Eco Farmstay
#41 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Phuong Rose Homestay
#49 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Rose was a wonderful and caring host. We had a nice big room which was very clean. The Homestay is very quiet but it takes only 5-10min walk to reach different restaurants, shops and a little lake. To get to the..."
Thanh Binh Hotel
#57 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Nguyet Que Homestay & Tours
29 reviews
44.0 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"100% recommend this homestay. Ben Tre is an amazing non touristic alternative to the traditional Mekong delta trip. This family run homestay was extremely nice, accommodating and attentive. The rooms were simple but..."
"This homestay is wonderful! The family are welcoming, helpful, kind & accommodating. The rooms are spotlessly clean, comfortable, spacious & well equipped, most overlooking the beautiful garden. Years of love & hard..."
Kieu Hanh Hostel
2 reviews
#69 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"During one of the biggest public holiday in Vietnam, I came to Can Tho for the folk cake festival and booked 2 rooms in this hostel on Agoda. When we arrived, the receptionist informed that they didn't keep the..."
Green Garden Homestay
63 reviews
#7 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed for 3 days. It is a true homestay. The owners make you feel so welcome and they are incredibly polite and generous.They prepare tea and coffee and will collect a coconut if you want to try. We stayed..."
"Basic but good homestay. Our room was equipped with an airconditioning and a fan - no mosquito came in. Additionally there was a mosquito net above our bed. The water pressure was low. The fridge was filled with..."
Viva Motel
28 reviews
#83 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a basic room, just 1 towel for 2 guests, decent facilities, dirty blanket without bed sheet, until midnight loud music that forced us to stay awake although we had to wake up the next morning at 4 for the..."
"We had a beer here in the afternoon as it was blazing hot and we were thirsty. This was a quiet place at that time with only that us in and the Barman didn't seem that keen on having any customers. Eventually we got..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Hiking
Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#23 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Ba Hung Homestay
4 reviews
22.3 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 3 Specialty lodging in Binh Hoa Phuoc
"A homestay fully living up to the expectations of a homestay these days. A couple of very nice huts in a flowery garden, very friendly staff, free bikes and a terrific diner. We took the bikes to drive around tne..."
Truong Huy Hotel
0 reviews
17.7 miles from Can Tho
#15 of 23 B&Bs / Inns in Vinh Long Province
Ngoc Phuong Homestay
62 reviews
19.8 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"We enjoyed our stay here very much. The family is very friendly. Food is great, we had some local specialities (fish, meat and also vegetarian). The bathrooms are simple but everything is very clean. The rooms and..."
"The homestay is ideally situated on An Binh island (around 10 minutes walk from the ferry). The landscapes around (and even inside) the place are really wonderful. We received a warm welcome from the owners, who..."
Ba Danh Home
38 reviews
43.1 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"We enjoyed 3 relaxing nights at this family run place. Post covid we found their enthusiasm to rebuild the business, friendliness and hospitality was delightful. We did the cooking tour, hired scooters, did a few..."
"We had one night at this 'homestay' as part of our Intrepid Tour. We thought we would really be 'roughing it' but what a pleasant surprise. Lovely beds (with mozzie nets) and a fan in the rooms. We did take our..."
Minh Ngoc Motel
36.5 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tra Vinh
"A brand new hotel with nice big rooms, comfortable beds, air condition, fan, strong wi-fi, many mosquitoes, no fridge and closet in any room and shower with no hot water. There is only 1 big family room in the hotel..."
Ben Tre Garden Farmstay
13 reviews
41.6 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"Very lovely farmstay! We stayed in Bungalows - very well kept, clean and all you need. Lovely quiet surroundings great for a walk (we took our dogs and they loved it as well!). The locals in the area are very..."
"Very nice location for these bungalows in Ben Tre, perfect place for relaxing after days on the Mekong or visiting the coconut farms in the surroundings. The staff is very friendly and helpful, traditional homes are..."
Quoc Phuong Riverside Homestay
39 reviews
37.5 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 23 B&Bs / Inns in Ben Tre
"Highly recommended homestay: the staff is super nice and available, the rooms are clean and you can get to have breakfast, lunch or dinner directly on the Mekong River! I’d recommend the banana pancake for..."
"Everything here is wonderful, the food, the peaceful location and the room, but most of all the staff are fantastic. Would recommend the air-conditioned rooms for their location on the grounds and added comfort. A..."
Ben Tre Farm Stay
73 reviews
41.8 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"Wooden cabins with everything you need, dotted around a wonderful tropical garden with abundant fruit trees and flowers. Friendly , helpful people. Food is freshly cooked and tasty. This is a tranquil place to enjoy..."
"We enjoyed the stay in Ben Tre Farm Stay. The owner and his family are very friendly and helpful. For example, he helped us organize our onward journey. The small houses are located in the owner's lovingly..."
Coco Farmstay
16 reviews
38.6 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"The service was very nice, they treated me like their family member. They always smile and greeting me, they also take care me, ask me my feeling of the farmstay, is that comfortable for me or something. Besides..."
"I stayed there only 1 night and I hoped I can stay there longer. It was beautiful farmstay in the Ben Tre province. I had chance to drink so many coconut juice, ate traditional food and did the thing the local do. I..."
Nhon Thanh Homestay
42.7 miles from Can Tho
#10 of 23 B&Bs / Inns in Ben Tre
"it was great a night with ten friendly homestay and great things I appreciate this hostel and I will come back one day thank you all for the friendliness . The food is very delicious The fresh air is really a..."
"Found the homestay when riding a bicycle through the area. Without reservation able to stay for the night. Thanh, the daughter of the owner is a great hostess and showed me around Ben Tre City in the evening..."
Phu Tai Phat Hotel
44.5 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 25 B&Bs / Inns in My Tho
"We stayed here for just one night. They didn't have knowledge of our booking (made through booking.com) so it wasn't a great start. Despite not having a window our room looked reasonably new, had a decent shower..."
"Tai Phat hotel is perfectly located in the middle of the centre. A two minute walk to Bui Vien street, for cheap food/drinks on the street. Clubs are around as well, but way more expensive. Rooms are fine, toilet..."
Coco Happy Farm
24 reviews
45.9 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"I had an amazing time ! Thanks to the beauty of the Bentre countryside which I was able to explore by bike which Thuan leaves available for free. But if I was able to enjoy my stay so much it's thanks to Thuan who..."
"This Farm and Homestay is something really special! Far away from all the tourist you live on the coconut farm with the family. They always care about you and show you what they do in their daily life. The farmer..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsHiking
Mekong SILT Ecolodge
56 reviews
#3 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We have had an amazing time staying at the Mekong Silt Eco Lodge. A massive thank you to Tom for taking us out on two occasions and showing us how locals live along the Mekong. The staff here are very friendly and..."
"Great experience and very kind staff. Lovely room, liked the outdoor shower. Pool was nice and food good, lots of variation. We booked through a tour and they were very helpful the whole time, the biking was a..."
Queenie House
21 reviews
#11 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Absolutely amazing service by owner and his employees. Spotless room, totally quiet neighborhood and our room wad beautiful, chearful and spotless clean!!! We absolutely wish we could have spent more than one..."
"We stayed here for 2 nights but will be certainly stay longer the next time we visit. The room was spotless and well presented, bathroom and shower clean and shower pressure great. But most of all the staff and..."
Stiermann's Ricefield Lodge
#6 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This lodge is a unique experience. It's an hour ride from Can Tho airport, so you're in the middle of authentic Vietnam (we didn't see any tourists). Martin built a very nice lodge on the riverside with all you..."
"A really nice and memorable memory with this place. Away from the noise and pollution of the city, it is amazing to enjoy the fresh air, peaceful and clean environment together with the friendly and warm welcome of..."
Farmer Homestay
#10 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We really appreciated the warm generous hospitality of Bosa, Phoenix and their sons! As soon as we made the booking, Bosa contacted us to welcome us to his place and give practical information. He thoughtfully..."
"We spent 3 nights in farmer's homestays and It was an incredible experience. Bosa and Phoenix are fantastic people!we went to the floating market with him and he explained us a lot of things,suggestions about things..."
Green Sunshine Can Tho
3 reviews
#18 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice homestay with wonderful host in Can Tho City. I feel more comfortable when I stay there. Jess is so friendly, she will help me everything when I stayed in Can Tho city and organize a tour for us. High..."
"We loved our experience at Jes’s homestay. It was a pleasure getting to know her and her family, and she was a great host. Her home is cozy and in a nice, quiet area. Jes can coordinate everything for your time in..."
My Ngoc 1 Hotel
#65 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Not clean, sheets not washed, dirt in corners, black mold in the bathroom. The location is good, we came to experience the floating market which was incredible. If you must stay here, pack your own sleeping bag..."
Maison De Léa - Homestay & Coffee Can Tho
#19 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Cui Coffee & Homestay
#41 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Very nice and helpful staff and cozy stay and cafe in Can Tho. 20 minutes walk to the night market and the pier. Quiet and cool deluxe double room with toilet, shower, silence air conditioning and a second floor..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hiking Hotels information
Hiking Hotels Can Tho
Hiking Hotels Prices From
$110
Hiking Hotels Reviews
11
Hiking Hotels Photos
44
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
