Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangDa Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
1,525 reviews
#12 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Speciality Museums
Closed now
7:30 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
About
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is one of the first museums built in Vietnam by the French. The main building was constructed in 1915. It evokes some motifs of French colonial architecture in the early twentieth century and resembles the image of the Champa temples - towers in Central Viet Nam. 

Visitors will have the opportunity to contemplate more than 400 artifacts on display, including National Treasures and others representing the masterpieces of Champa sculpture in ten centuries (from 5th to 15th). The artifacts were made in a variety of materials, such as sandstone, terracotta, and metal. Grounded in various themes from fertility symbols, deities, mythical animals and architectural decoration from the Hindu and Buddhist, they express the features of cultural and religious values of the Champa people over many generations. 
The Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture is a must-see destination for visitors wishing to discover the culture and heritage of Central Viet Nam.
Read more
Duration: 1-2 hours
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (1,849)
Top ways to experience Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingCultural & Theme ToursDay Trips & ExcursionsTransfers & Ground Transport
Full-day DISCOVER DA NANG MUSEUM, MARBLE MOUNTAIN, SON TRA PENINSULA
1
Full-day Tours
from $83.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
FULL-DAY DA NANG DISCOVERY from HOI AN
2
Explore Da Nang in one day _Private tour
from $120.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Hoi An and Da Nang Shore Excursion from Port
5
from $119.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang Small Group City Tour: Marble Mountain & Lady Buddha from Da Nang
Historical Tours
from $59.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang and Hoi An Full-Day Tour
from $98.72 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Half-Day Da Nang City Sightseeing
Food & Drink
from $59.00 per adult
4-Day Private Central Vietnam Tour from Da Nang: Hue, My Son, Hoi An
from $150.77 per adult
The area
No 2, 2 Thang 9 Street Hái Châu District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
1,606 within 3 miles
Cardi Pizzeria Da Nang
201
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
Red Sky Steakhouse
1,042
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
Xóm Mới Garden Đà Nẵng
76
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
Attractions
92 within 6 miles
Museum of Sa Huynh & Champa Culture
60
36 ftSpeciality Museums
Long An Temple
224 ftReligious Sites
APEC Park
4
233 ftParks
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
WorldGlutton
London, United Kingdom20,860 contributions
Interesting Historical artifacts
Lots of cultural artifacts from the Cham Dynasty and antiques to admire in various exhibition rooms. Our tour guide told us the Sculptures were created from sandstones , terracotta and metal from 5th to 15 Centuries. Museum display various themes of sculptures from fertility symbols , mythical creations to decorative Hindu & Buddhist gods.
Visited March 2023
Written May 6, 2023
MJD013
Sydney, Australia491 contributions
Could be a better viewing experience
A good museum, with written detail in Vietnamese and English. The only drawback is that there is no air-conditioning. Nor have they provided sufficient fans to create a comfortable viewing experience. There was no provision to even get a bottle of cold water.
Visited September 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written September 21, 2023
IsaacG16
Daw Park, Australia114 contributions
Well worth a visit
We spent a couple of hours at the Museum of Cham Sculpture – the Chams are an ethnic minority in Vietnam with a long and interesting history in the region. There were some amazing sculptures on display, with a few dating back to the 3rd century. The audio guide was good. I recommend wandering for a couple of hours.
Visited April 2023
Written December 3, 2023
jimrU2512IP
2 contributions
First day in Da Nang
An unexpected cultural experience, but the best part was having vietnamese school children practice their english on us "Hello, How are you?", "What is your name?". The connections with Hindu India surprised me as well as the size of the collection. Our taxi driver from the airport, adopted us and took us to museums, authentic restaurants and amusement parks. He spoke no english, but with cell phone translation we communicated just fine.
Visited December 2023
Traveled with family
Written January 6, 2024
Damian W
Perth, Australia163 contributions
Great Education
The museum is really well set up. The sculptures are quite Amazing and the audio tour provides you with real insight. I could have spent longer there I was quite captivated by the history. It’s an open air museum and the mosquitoes are as bad as anywhere I experienced in Vietnam. Ensure you load up on the heavy duty mosquito repellant s that you don’t have to stress
Visited January 2024
Traveled with friends
Written January 17, 2024
maritimeexplorer
Nova Scotia, Canada3,968 contributions
Best Museum of Cham Art Anywhere
I have to confess that before coming to Vietnam I had never heard of the Cham people or the Champa Empire that lasted from the 2nd century AD until 1832 when its last remnants were absorbed by its Viet neighbours to the north. The Champa Empire was in almost constant conflict with its neighbours and had to fight off repeated invasions from the Viets to the north, the Khmers to the west and the Javanese to the south, not to mention the Mongols a couple of times. Eventually it all became too much and by the 14th century the empire was in irreversible decline and Champa became one of the greatest empires no one has ever heard of. Today there are less than 100,000 people in Vietnam who can still speak the language. The museum was designed and built by the French in 1915 to house a collection of Cham artifacts that had been collected by French archaeologists almost from the time they arrived in Vietnam. The collection of over 300 sandstone and terra cotta works is the largest in the world, housed in ten galleries, each one containing finds from a separate Cham site. The first thing you will notice is that almost all the sculptures depict various Hindu gods and demi-gods, even though Vietnam is thousands of miles rom India. There is also one gallery with Buddhist motifs. Even while Chinawas dominating the north of the country for over a thousand years, in the centre and south the influence was coming from India. I have included quite a few photos of the best pieces including the world's best example of a Gajasimha, a mythical beast that was half elephant and half lion. There's also a frieze showing polo players, just about the last thing I thought I would see in Vietnam. Located just off the Dragon bridge this museum is a must visit in Da Nang.
Written February 1, 2024
mzzyap
2,571 contributions
Fascinating
We took our time going through these exhibits. Good thing we finished before the school field trips and noisy tour groups came. Dear Management, please instruct the teachers NOT to blow their whistle to call the attention of the high school kids. After all, this is a Museum.
Visited February 2024
Written March 2, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
my son
hindu gods
ancient culture
beautiful sculptures
worth a visit
the dragon
artifacts
collection
civilization
century
sandstone
centuries
era
vietnam
ruins
archaeological
dynasty
heritage
bridge
4.0
Excellent
476
Very good
587
Average
351
Poor
87
Terrible
24
jerald t
singapore12 contributions
0
3.0 of 5 bubbles
sculpture
May 2017 • Couples
small museum with a couple of intact sculptures. building needs a little touch up, looks very tired and old.
Written May 15, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Wendy Y
Hong Kong, China438 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Interesting mix of cultures
Apr 2017 • Couples
Interesting history of the museum and the origina of the sculptures. Despite of the stories told by our day-time tourguide, I wish there were clearer signs and description for each sculpture as well as how each room was allocated for. The outside was beautiful with the French architecture style and French flower spices planted. Wouldn't say it's a must-see attraction.
Written April 29, 2017
Skarrie
33 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Treasure of Cham sculpture
The worlds biggest collection of Cham sculptures and parts of temples. Impressive collection in a poor surrounding, though. Still worth a visit for the art.
Written April 25, 2017
TravellingVolup
United Kingdom280 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Fascinating But More Should Be Invested In Upkeep
We spent a lovely hour and a half at this interesting and nationally important museum. Unfortunately, we didn't have the time this trip to visit, My Son, so opted to visit this collection of artifacts. It is housed in a building originally built in 1919 and later extended to house more objects. My initial reaction to the building itself was one of sadness as it seems more could be done to preserve such important historical evidence. I noted the reception area even lacked proper blinds; however, once we purchased our English audio guides ( which as others have stated I highly recommend for 20,000 VND) I was transported back in time. It didn't matter at all that the place was busy with individual and group guides chattering away. The informative audio guide was excellent value and made the journey through this small, but important museum worthwhile. I would suggest you bring your own earplugs because: 1) I had to go through five to get one with both ears giving sound and 2) It was very clear that the earbuds are not cleaned or sterilised as the lovely young lady tried all of the five in her ears before handing the ones that did work to me! Fortunately, I am not overly fussed about things like this, but others might be! I was impressed by the collection and interested in their historical significance. Especially, the links and influence between countries, including Greece on the images themselves. It is well worth a visit and despite others saying it lacks air-conditioning, there were several large and powerful fans that kept the building cool and comfortable.
Written April 9, 2017
Norm P
Chiang Mai, Thailand39 contributions
Worth the time
Mar 2017 • Couples
Not a big museum, but worth a visit. If you have been to Angkor you will want to see the similarities with the Cham sculptures. Some magnificent pieces.
Written March 30, 2017
DinuM
Bucharest, Romania84 contributions
Amazing place
A real revelation: you realize, afer seeing this, how evoluated was the Cham culture and how the two religion, Buddhism and Hindu clashed then blended.
There is a lot of simbolistic involved and, if you are familiar with or at least have a reading interest in the Hindu deities and stories, it really gets your attention.
A small gem all in all; do not miss it under any circumstances while in Da Nang.
Interestion souvenir shop also, with some books in English and French but also a lot of stone reproductions.
Written March 5, 2017
Michael P
Laos6,522 contributions
Worth a look
Apr 2016 • Solo
This is a very small museum which could use a complete renovation. However, as there is not much to do in Danang I would recommend a stop here. The museum should be of particular interest to travelers who previously visited, or are planning a trip to the Cham temples of My Son.
Written February 27, 2017
Mosaic Images
Haworth, UK1,216 contributions
Cham Culture
Dec 2016 • Solo
Introduced to this museum by Tangnonc Baochau... it may well be the largest collection of Cham artefacts and history in the, as a collector of Cham items, I found the visit absolutely fascinating
Stephen N
41 contributions
Good amount of statues
Feb 2017 • Friends
A good amount of statues. Little information and inaccurately translated. No photographs allowed. I would say you can miss this.
Written February 20, 2017
melmelcoolj
Beijing, China15 contributions
Amazing sculptures but could use better maintenance
Feb 2017 • Family
The sculptures are simply amazing with Hindu and Buddhist influences. Some of the pieces have such vivid facial expressions and beautiful figures, they almost put tears to my eyes. The audio tour is pretty good, and makes up for the poor organization of the sculptures. The place is a little run-down, with dirty floors and watermarks on the walls. I hope the government tries to preserve their treasure a little more. And I hope the sculptures could be more well-organized, with the audio tour giving more background information. But it is a must-see in Danang.
Written February 5, 2017
…
7
8
9
Showing results 71-80 of 895
Also popular with travelers
3D Museum Art in Paradise Danang
318
Art Museums
Da Nang Museum
165
Military Museums • History Museums
Da Nang Fine Arts Museum
42
Ho Chi Minh and the Fifth Military Zone Museum
137
Military Museums
Bao Tang Da Nang
28
Tu Hung Stone Arts
16
Art Galleries
The Gioi Tranh Dep
Vietnam Cultural Exchange
Dong Dinh Museum
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Recommended
Tours & Sightseeing
Cultural & Theme Tours
Day Trips & Excursions
Transfers & Ground Transport
$83.00
$120.00
$119.00
$59.00
$98.72
$150.77
0.2 mi
$$ - $$$ • Italian • American • Steakhouse
$$ - $$$ • Steakhouse • International • European
$ • Cafe • Barbecue • Asian
36 ft
224 ft
Religious Sites
233 ft
Parks
London, United Kingdom
20,860 contributions
March 2023
Sydney, Australia
491 contributions
September 2023
as a couple
Daw Park, Australia
114 contributions
April 2023
December 2023
with family
Perth, Australia
163 contributions
January 2024
with friends
Nova Scotia, Canada
3,968 contributions
February 2024
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
singapore
12 contributions
transparency report
Hong Kong, China
438 contributions
United Kingdom
280 contributions
Chiang Mai, Thailand
39 contributions
Bucharest, Romania
84 contributions
Laos
6,522 contributions
Haworth, UK
1,216 contributions
Beijing, China
15 contributions
