Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
alexkyp wrote a review Jun 2019
Melbourne, Australia43 contributions25 helpful votes
Second Time Around
12th-16th June 2019 We stayed here about 20 months ago and were suitably impressed to re book. It still a great hotel only this time we included the breakfast which is great value for money - catering for both western and asian. We had a 2 bedroom apartment with a partial sea view on the 14th floor and as mentioned in my previous review this hotel is right across the road from the beach. One new initiative by the hotel and Vietnam airlines is the "In Town" check in where you check the bags in at the hotel and the next time you see them is at your final destination - you get all your boarding passes and rock up to the airport with just your carry on - no queues, no waiting - fantastic. On our last day we decided to eat at the restaurant on the second floor and the food was…
Read more
Date of stay: June 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jul 2, 2019
Xin chào Alexkyp, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay. We are extremely happy when you enjoyed our service and coming back this time. Especially, more than happy when we were able to meet your requirement and expectation overall. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Shambo S wrote a review Jun 2019
New Delhi, India3 contributions
Average Place
While the hotel is located right in front of the main beach area called Mykhe, there are glaring issues with the hotel... Putting down the good and bad things: Good: 1. Location - If you are interested in a beach - although the Mykhe beach is nothing great - The water is calm (although pretty clean), its very very busy with local tourists , there is no space for having a quiet time and also with the huge crowd the beach is very noisy. 2. Infinity pool at the top floor - The pool is small and not like the ones in the picture but still gives a great view of the sea. 3. The food is good but the menu is very short and mostly of Vietnamese food. The global dishes such as sandwiches or pasta are pretty ordinary. The Bad Things: 1. The hotel is big but very functional and…
Responded Jul 3, 2019
Xin chào Shambo S, Greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! First of all, we would like to thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you overall like our hotel as its good location and great sea view. We are sorry that our hotel space and concept did not meet your expectation like it does with many other guests. We have briefed with the team about the problem on room type to make sure it would never happen again. We believe that everything in guest room are marked as chargeable or free so the laundry bag is one of chargeable item. We hope that you understand. Once again, we value your feedback which bring us this to attention. We are looking forward to having chance welcoming you again to the hotel. Best regards, The À La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Winston G wrote a review Jun 2019
2 contributions
Valued
Nice environment- clear and clean, very comfortable and fresh. Nice attitude - their workers very helpful & friendly, English, Korean, Mandarin are not a issue at there Nice view - amazing rooftop bar, nice infinity pool, nice drink and fantastic night scene
Xin chao Winston G, Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Eugene G wrote a review Jun 2019
Singapore, Singapore14 contributions1 helpful vote
Nice modern hotel with just a few flaws
After coming from a budget hotel in Hoi An, this place was a nice, modern and welcome relief! The 2 bedroom apartment we got was exactly what we needed. But just a few things.. 1. The rooms are pretty dim.. Even with all lights on, sometimes we found that we had to squint a lot.. 2. The shower areas could use doors, cos after one shower, half the bathroom is wet. 3. A nice kitchenette with an induction stove top is provided, but no knives, cutting board or pots and pans, so couldn't cook anything past midnight.. No ice tray, so had to find alternate means of making ice which was crucial to some comfort in the 40 - 42°c temperatures outside. 4. There's another hotel being build right next door and our room was facing said construction. Even at night there are workers on the…
Xin chao Eugeneg228, Greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach. Thank you for your time sharing us your thought on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that our staffs have served you a pleasant stay. We’re sorry to hear about some unsatisfactory point on your experience. We value our customers opinions and would like to thank you for bringing this to our attention. We are looking forward to have another chance welcoming you again to the hotel! Yours sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Akari wrote a review Jun 2019
大満足です！
目の前にはすぐビーチがあり、屋上のプールもすごく綺麗でした！ 朝食も毎日美味しくて、メニューも違うので飽きません。 部屋も広く、何時間でもくつろぐことができました◎ トラブルがあった時も日本人スタッフが駆けつけてくれて助かりました♪ また泊まりたいホテルです！ every staff from front office are very helpful．Nguyen is very kind...
Xin chào akaricat22, We are truly heartened to receive your generous review of À La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us, we are especially pleased that you felt well-looked after by our staff, especially Ms. Nguyen. I will pass your compliments to her and be sure that she and the whole team are made aware of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Willlson wrote a review Jun 2019
1 contribution
Very nice
It's the first time i come to danang. I chose alacarte hotel for my vacation. Hotel was nice, room was decorded luxurily. Staff wa friendly, thank ms lien so much for helping during we stay here. :))))
Xin chào Willsonnnn, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay on TripAdvisor. We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from Ms. Lien - our guest service staff. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
susan wrote a review Jun 2019
Ohio1 contribution
Nice hotel and good staff
We had stay in beautiful room, from our room we can see the ocean. Early in the morning we can saw the sunshine. Breakfast so delicious, we like Vietnam food. From the top bar we can drink and look at the city from there. Also the staff really friendly, especially thanks to Tuan,who recommended for us many destinations famous in da nang, and always smiling. We will come back
Xin chào Mysunng, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at À La Carte Danang Beach. We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay with us especially on our rooftop bar, infinity pool, Vietnamese food... Your review has been passed to our whole team and Mr. Tuan - our Front Office staff, he would be very pleased to be received your compliments. We hope to have the other chance to welcome you back again soon! All the best for you, The A La Carte management team.
markmws wrote a review Jun 2019
Istanbul, Türkiye24 contributions29 helpful votes
Spice Spa at A La Carte Hotel provided a relaxing experience
My wife and I visited the Spice Spa at A La Carte today and received a very relaxing 90 minute massage. The team members who were assigned to us, Nhi and Uyen, spoke great English and were very professional and gentle. Views from the rooftop pool area of A La Carte are amazing. Recommended.
Xin chào Markmws, Thank you very much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach Hotel for your stay and your kind review about our service on TripAdvisor. We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay especially the excellent on Spa service. Our staff Ms. Nhi and Ms. Uyen would be very pleased to be received compliments from you. Once again, thank you for your review and we hope to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Rome wrote a review May 2019
3 contributions
Good service
We had a great time in Danang.We stayed 3nights in Highlight room which facing ocean view. Good hotel and location, just cross the road to go to Myke beach , many seafoods restaurants nearby and just taken 15mininutes from Danang airport . Tks a lot front desk team for supporting us during our trip,all is friendly and professional. We would to come back in next time.
Date of stay: May 2019
Xin chào Chothanat6977, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! We are truly pleased to receive your generous review about your recent stay at the hotel. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us, we are happy to learn that our service and facilities make you feel pleased. We will pass your compliments the whole team to make awareness of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Peiwee wrote a review May 2019
Relax&Enjoy
The hotel is Good service,people are very nice,no communication problem,receptionist can speak in Chinese and also English.Near by the hotel have delicious seafood restaurant,is a very nice location,easy go to the beach,nice view at swimming pool
Xin chao Peiwee, Greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach. Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks on our service. It’s always a pleasure to have chance meeting you and serving you at the. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team to make them motivated. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1213141516…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
alexkyp
Melbourne, Australia
43 contributions
43
25 helpful votes
12th-16th June 2019 We stayed here about 20 months ago and were suitably impressed to re book. It still a great hotel only this time we included the breakfast which is great value for money - catering for both western and asian. We had a 2 bedroom apartment with a partial sea view on the 14th floor and as mentioned in my previous review this hotel is right across the road from the beach. One new initiative by the hotel and Vietnam airlines is the "In Town" check in where you check the bags in at the hotel and the next time you see them is at your final destination - you get all your boarding passes and rock up to the airport with just your carry on - no queues, no waiting - fantastic. On our last day we decided to eat at the restaurant on the second floor and the food was
Date of stay:
transparency report
Shambo S
New Delhi, India
While the hotel is located right in front of the main beach area called Mykhe, there are glaring issues with the hotel... Putting down the good and bad things: Good: 1. Location - If you are interested in a beach - although the Mykhe beach is nothing great - The water is calm (although pretty clean), its very very busy with local tourists , there is no space for having a quiet time and also with the huge crowd the beach is very noisy. 2. Infinity pool at the top floor - The pool is small and not like the ones in the picture but still gives a great view of the sea. 3. The food is good but the menu is very short and mostly of Vietnamese food. The global dishes such as sandwiches or pasta are pretty ordinary. The Bad Things: 1. The hotel is big but very functional and
Winston G
Eugene G
Singapore, Singapore
14 contributions
14
1 helpful vote
1
After coming from a budget hotel in Hoi An, this place was a nice, modern and welcome relief! The 2 bedroom apartment we got was exactly what we needed. But just a few things.. 1. The rooms are pretty dim.. Even with all lights on, sometimes we found that we had to squint a lot.. 2. The shower areas could use doors, cos after one shower, half the bathroom is wet. 3. A nice kitchenette with an induction stove top is provided, but no knives, cutting board or pots and pans, so couldn't cook anything past midnight.. No ice tray, so had to find alternate means of making ice which was crucial to some comfort in the 40 - 42°c temperatures outside. 4. There's another hotel being build right next door and our room was facing said construction. Even at night there are workers on the
Akari
Willlson
susan
Ohio
markmws
Istanbul, Türkiye
24 contributions
24
29 helpful votes
29
Rome
Peiwee
…
12
13
15
16
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
