Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
The Postcard Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
4 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Top Rated
Guesthouse VIP Hoa Lan
16 reviews
#1 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I paid approximately £39 for three nights and had a great time staying here. The owner is called Lan and he is a very friendly guy that made me feel at home while I was there. My room was spacious with new..."
"We arrived in the middle of the night at 3am unannounced and the owner was so kind with us, he gave us a big room and took time to explain everything. Clean room, great vue. Can’t thank you enough for this last..."
Halong Buddy Inn & Travel
12 reviews
In Halong Bay
#29 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I stayed in this hostel for one night. Halong city is beautiful, and this hostel is located in a good location. Not too far from the amusement park with lots of cools shops and restaurants around it. The rooms are..."
"Very friendly and welcoming! Full body massage with hot stones by the most friendly lady is a must! Happy hour with free beer from 8-9pm for supper is nice. Food good. Stayed in room 502- Comfy beds and balcony"
Ho Tay Hotel
11 reviews
#47 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel in the center. Nothing to do in the city, except for the boat trips. Don't book any activities/trips/tours/bus tickets through this hotel. They ask 800.000 Dong per person for a sleeping bus ticket to..."
"We went there on holidays, and the price seemed good at first, and a good location. However, we had many surprises : - the bed's matresses were so thin it was hurting us all night - the host gave us bad..."
Viet Nhat Hotel
1 review
#64 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Really bad hotel. We saw numerous cockroaches in the bathrooms and in the kitchen. Staff were meant to answer the bell to let us check in (as arranged) but no one was there and we waited for ages. A member of staff..."
Iris Hotel
#26 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff here are great and helped us a lot in preparation for our 1 night - 2 day trip to Ha Long Bay. They organised a private car transfer and day boat trip for US $72 per person (2 people traveling) which was..."
"Seemed to be a brand new hotel. Very clean, giant room and bathrooms, some toiletries provided, comfy bed, good wifi, quiet. In the city local type hotel... and very nice! They can set up tours and bus tickets..."
Ky Moi Hotel
17 reviews
#42 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"My friends and I took a day tour in Halong bay but opted to do an overnight stay in Halong instead of going back to Hanoi after the tour. What I had in mind for us was to have an accommodation near the coast since..."
"Horrible hotel. The staff are rude and we were completely ripped off for our Ha Long Bay tour - charged $45 dollars for 6 hours compared to the $20 dollars that others on our boat payed. When we asked about this the..."
Ha Long Fancy Hostel
49 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"I spent only 2 nights in the hostel. It was difficult to leave. Very nice welcome, helpful, very clean, curtains, a.c. 24/7, good breakfast, I hope to visit once more. Thanks a lot to everybody in the hostel."
"Many foreigners in that hotel. As the others hotels I stayed staff are friendly and helpful and funny. The only thing I didn’t like is the fact that day it was so hot and I checked out at 12 as usual. My bus to..."
Babycat Guesthouse
#9 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We had a catastrophic bus drive from Sa Pa and arrived 2 hours later as we should at 3:00 am in Ha Long. The lady slept on a bench at the lobby just for waiting for us. Without her we possibly would have slept on..."
"Although it has been almost two years since our visit to Halongbay, we remember our stay at Babycat Guesthouse. We received special and memorable attention by Hoàn, who was friendly and surprised us with an..."
Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#11 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We stayed here 7 nights. The hotel has 22 rooms and is situated in the hart of the main village, 1,5 km for the most nearby beach. You can rent bikes or motorbikes at the hotel (about 5 dollar per day) The hotel..."
"One reason to stay here is the food - we were here for two weeks and it was great every night. The room is clean and cheap and they have their own tuk-tuk so you can arrange a pick up from the ferry port direct to..."
OYO 495 Entity Hotel
9 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Simple hotel in Halong Bay, Ok location with Restaurants and Shops near the hotel however i world recommend that you overnight on the boat as you get 3 meals and it is a great experience that i have heard from my..."
"The plugs don't work, rooms are noisy, staff unhelpful and suggested I get breakfast elsewhere, doors don't close, poor bathroom set up and the sink is falling away from the bench. Not worth it despite being cheap. "
Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
Zostay Halong Backpackers
14 reviews
#46 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The location is convenient for those joining the halong bay international marathon. But we had a horrible experience staying here. We stayed at the mixed dorm. We booked earlier and we thought there was pre assigned..."
"I had the most amazing stay at Zostay Halong Backpackers. I stayed in the dorm room, good WiFi, delicious breakfast and all very clean. The hostel is in a great location with lots of cafes/restaurants nearby. The..."
Halong Ecolodge
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Halong bay is quite touristic and crowed, normal hotels are next to each other or close to the streets but this one is different. It is isolated from the rest, lies in the middle of a hill and has home-stay style..."
"After a few days in Hanoi, it was a great relief to stay there for a calm night in the middle of the nature. There was a karaoke in the main building that night but the private deluxe room for couple is quite far..."
Vanilla Ha Long Villas
#19 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Our group of 26 people stayed here for two nights, one one on either side of our wedding which was aboard a boat in Ha Long Bay. I truly cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were just AMAZING. As a big..."
"This hotel is really nice. Very large, clean room and very comfortable. Staff are really nice and very helpful. The only downside is that the area is being developed and a large construction is going on in the..."
Matches:Resort
Missing:LuxuryBeachfront
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
Matches:Luxury
Missing:BeachfrontResort
Island Pearl Hotel
#16 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned..."
Missing:LuxuryBeachfrontResort
Best Seller
Grand Fleuve Boutique
13 reviews
#5 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"We came just for two nights and were a bit irritated on the first evening. The pool had loud Vietnamese kids without an adult around and the hotel staff wasn’t interested in either handing out towels or calming down..."
"Stayed at this hotel for two nights before our cruise around Ha Long Bay. Breakfast was plentiful and lots of choices for Western & Asian cuisines. The staff were very helpful. But unfortunately there was some..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
70 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Luxury style Comfortable Enjoy time at Muong Thanh Luxury Good service: Receptionist - Bell boy- Ms Phuong From Sales Dept."
"Our stay in Mường Thanh Luxury Residence was excellent."
Aroma Ha Long Hostel
#6 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We loved our stay!! Very relaxing and the staff were so good, the man who works In reception helped us with booking our trips and both man and woman staff every morning made us fresh breakfast served hot! Great..."
"Fantastic person and location ! And everything was so clean and comfortable. 👍😁 The free breakfast was so good and tasty. Then And also i could booked a cheaper tour for Ha long Bay. Thank you for everything! 😁"
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Tuan Chau Marina Hotel
2 reviews
#3 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"I had a trip to Cong Cruise from Tuan Chau Island last month. I had a great there, thanks. The habour has many cruises around. Cong Cruise is nicest one that I had excellent experiences. Thank you all for the..."
"We were in a rush to find a hotel in Halong Bay in the evening and found this one on Booking.com. The prices were cheap and there were no reviews on this hotel, so we weren't expecting much, but we were not..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
Ruby Ha Long Hotel
#39 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The view is really beautiful. If you like being quiet , it's good decision. You can talk ,chat or do something with local people around here . They are friendly , helpful. The saff hotel are good , too. "
Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
#99 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We..."
"This restaurant is recommended by our tour manager for cleanliness (health safety). He suggested we do not take chance with local food. We ordered beef, sweet and sour pork ribs, a cabbage dish. The beef dish is..."
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Matches:LuxuryBeachfront
Missing:Resort
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
0.4 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Lan Tuong Hotel
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Number One Hotel
0 reviews
#15 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Da Nang
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal. Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor. After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Read more
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
South Goa District
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Luxury style Comfortable Enjoy time at Muong Thanh Luxury Good service: Receptionist - Bell boy- Ms Phuong From Sales Dept.
Luxury style
Comfortable Enjoy time at Muong Thanh Luxury Good service: Receptionist - Bell boy- Ms Phuong From Sales Dept.
Our stay in Mường Thanh Luxury Residence was excellent.
Our stay in Mường Thanh
Residence was excellent.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
