Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Glammaa
Canberra, Australia232 contributions
0
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Bitter sweet
May 2017 • Couples
This overnight cruise was booked as apart of our Vietnam tour through AsiaView. The company we did the cruise with was called Gray Line Halong Cruise.

After a gruelling 4.5 hour bus trip from Hanoi we reached the port where our boat Minh Hang was berthed. I was pleasantly surprised as I had read some terrible reviews and also heard via other travellers that the boats were dreadful. My first impressions were that the boat looked seaworthy and in pretty good condition.
We were taken onboard about 30minutes after arriving and were again nicely surprised. The dining area was air conditioned and set up really nicely.
Once we were given our safety brief we were given our room keys. Our guide was very happy to advise us that we had a VIP suite. Hmm i thought, we shall see. During our safety brief we were also advised that all prices were in American dollars which shocked us. The prices we had been told prior to the cruise were triple. Beer was still reasonable at USD$2.50 but cocktails were USD$6. We had been told that drinks on board were a little more expensive than local prices. Local priced beer is 60cents and a cocktail is anywhere from $1 - $1.50
It was lovely, a reasonably spacious room and bathroom and a private balcony which had two lounge chairs and 2 deck chairs. It also had pretty good aircondlting which for a woman in her early 50's is vital :)
Off we sailed with I kid you not about 200 similar boats, they were everywhere. The waterway pretty much resembled the chaotic streets of Hanoi complete with tooting boat horns.
All of our meals were pretty good, they could improve on their toast making skills but hey everything else was fine.
We did several tours off the boat which are all included in the price.
First tour, and you had two options. You could take a kayak or you could go on a local boat and view the caves. We chose to take the local boat but most of the youngsters chose to kayak and really enjoyed it. The cave is a cave and there are caves everywhere but it was nice being on the water and there was a lovely breeze. It took about an hour.
Tour two was to swim at a beach or you could choose to walk up 430 stairs to the top of the mountain Ti Top and view the islands. We chose the beach and the youngsters chose the hike.
The beach was a bitter disappointment. It was packed and I mean packed, i imagine from a distance it must have looked like a seal colony. From a distance the water looked so beautiful and we could not wait to get in. Up close the water was filthy and the beach is littered with rubbish. We waded in waist deep and then got out, it was like the filth clung to your skin. We were there again for about an hour.
Back on board we had about an hour "free time" and were advised that it was Happy Hour. Drinks were two for one, Yippee.
I had been told that drinks would be watered down so when I ordered my piña coladas the barman said "Sit down I will bring them" and my response was "Oh no I would love to see how you make them".
This caused panic and it was decided that the manager should make my drinks. He grabbed a bottle of I have no idea what and I asked him what it was. Oh mam it is the rum for the drink, my response was Oh but piña coladas are made from white rum not brown and Malibu. He very begrudgingly got the right booze and made the drinks with full nips whilst muttering in Vietnamese. When everyone ordered their drinks they did the same thing and watched the bar men make them. For this i received quite a few dark looks. Oh and the only drinks that are in the Happy Hour are cocktails.
The remainder of the evening was spent happily drinking beers on the deck and getting to know our fellow travellers.
Our bed was a bit firm however we slept well, this may or may not have been due to our booze consumption.
There was an option to rise early and do tai chi on the top deck at 6am, no one from our cruise participated. I suspect this was due to the amount of booze consumed the night before.
Breakfast was served early, 7am. Right after breakfast we were taken to another set of caves which were lovely. It is was bit of a steep climb but we were all grateful it was early as already it was hot.
We had to be out of our rooms by 930am and this gave us another hour of free time before brunch was served at 10:30.
After brunch we were given our bills for drinks and pretty much all hell broke loose. People had been charged USD$1.50 for water and tea and coffee that were offered after meals were also charged at USD$2 and $3 respectively. Then we noticed, as did everyone else that we had all been charged for our cocktails. As all of us only ordered 2 cocktails during the happy hour because of the cost and we turned to beer. When we queried the bill were we told that the Happy Hour meant when you purchased two cocktails the third one was free. Every single person on the boat got it wrong. To make matter worse the bills were only produced after people had completed their questionnaires about what they thought of the trip.
I can tell you there were not a lot of happy people. However they did give everyone a $2 discount. Me along with several other people advised that whilst they may have their surveys completed that the backlash on places such as Trip Advisor would be severe. This did not seem to bother them.
So, was the trip worthwhile and would I recommend it.
Here is some food for thought before you book.
It is a gruelling 4-5 hour bus trip from Hanoi each way. There is a comfort stop at one of the most expensive places we have been to in vietnam both there and back. The bus trip on the way there was bareable as the bus was somewhat comfortable. The return trip was hell. we had a different bus and it was tiny. We were all westerners and to try and get down the aisle of the bus was a really tight squeeze and two westerners to a seat meant we were packed in like sardines. Whilst the bus had air conditioning it had no suspension what so ever and we bounced around like pop corn under heat.
Halong Bay is filthy and if you have seen one cave with stalagmites and titles then you have seen them all.
Knowing what I know now, I would have spent the extra time in Hoi An. Think very hard about visiting Halong Bay.
Written May 28, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Zeeniek
Dubai, United Arab Emirates351 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Beautiful scenery, Very disappointing management and ecological practices
Mar 2017 • Friends
We visited Halong Bay in March, the weather was not on our side, it was cloudy and we didn't enjoy the scenery and sun as much as we hoped we would. Despite the spectacular view, the place is extremely dirty: rubbish and trash in the water everywhere, plastic bags, vodka & wine bottles, oil spills, dead fish floating on the surface of the water. Poor ecological practices, No one is taking care of the bay to clean up the mess of the nearly 500 touristic boats. We had a very strict program and were faced with unreasonable answers from the crew members and our guide. We were taken to a spot to kayak (Kayaking is one of the activities that I heard it won't be allowed anymore as of April 1, 2017). Kayaking is also one the 3 or 4 activities that you can do in Halong Bay. The other activities being relaxing, sightseeing, visiting the beach or the cave with the rest of the 100s tourists or swimming in the dirty water along the dead fish and jellyfish. Anyways, we were taken to a spot full of trash to kayak; of course from the boat we didn't realize that until we were in the water, rowing in the midst of plastic bags, litter, vodka bottles and dead fish at the surface. Our guide and the cruise crew did not think of taking us to a cleaner sport until later, our experience was totally ruined by what we had seen earlier. It appeared later that there is one company controlling the bay and every activity is scheduled by the minute. As a tourist you won't have a flexibility of visiting the one and only beach that is visited 100s of tourists who can only enjoy sunbathing, swimming or playing volley ball for one hour only. Reason being you need to get tickets to access the beach, and these tickets need to be bought from the mainland. So in case your wanted to visit the beach a second time during your stay at Halong bay, you may as well forget asking your guide or the ticketing office. We saw some tourists enjoy a little excitement with the speedboat, we asked our guide if we can hire one and he replied "NO Speedboat" . Why? he replied: Speedboat only for Chinese. WTF?!!!!
We were given orders to shower, drink our tea and relax on the deck.....enjoy some more sightseeing.
Honestly I wouldn't recommend Halong bay. Especially that the trip form Hanoi take 4 hours by bus, you may as well enjoy the pictures you can find on the internet and find another attraction that is less crowded and less controlled if you need some freedom while you stay.
Written April 1, 2017
Lee S
Colchester, VT1,120 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Breathtaking and Awe-inspiring
Nov 2016 • Friends
We visited Halong Bay in in mid-November, and it was a perfect time to experience this wonderful place. Crowds were very light and the bay was not choked with tour boats.
From looking out on the bay at sunset from the roof of our hotel, to cruising among its nearly 2000 islands under a blue sky, there is nothing about this place that doesn't take your breath away.
The limestone islands are a maze that offers an array of dazzling perspectives as they stack upon each other into the hazy distance, sometimes covered in a green rolling carpet of foliage and sometimes jutting out with craggy tendrils plunging into the waters. It feels like you are in the middle of a fairy tale or The Lord Of The Rings being in Halong Bay.
If your captain tries to stay apart from the majority of other charter boats, it can feel like you have the whole place to yourself, adding to the magic. Cruising Halong Bay was my single favorite activity of our entire Vietnam trip. We were lucky to have light crowds and a clear sky to make our time here and the resulting photos much better. If you are in northern Vietnam you should not miss Halong Bay.
Written January 9, 2017
ThincTravels
Alexandria, VA134 contributions
Magical Halong Bay Fishing Village Tour
Oct 2016 • Solo
This was one of the most serene parts of my experience in Vietnam. I climbed aboard a fishing boat with 3 (attractive & fun) male strangers and joined our female captain. She stood barefoot and gloveless in the boat while she silently and expertly rowed us through this immensely beautiful and virtually untouched UNESCO Heritage Site. She also gave us each hats to protect us from the hot sun, a particularly kind gesture.
We were each filled with awe and wonder... It was simply amazing and felt so magical. I wished it was a place I could live. No actually lives there nowadays.
Tips were not mentioned. Nevertheless, I felt one was well deserved for our captain. I slipped her one with a fresh pack of sugar free gum. I was so appreciative for the experience that I would have given her a bouquet of flowers and a hug too!
This was an excursion offered by the Huong Hai Sealife junk boat I was aboard (details & pics in a separate review). This fishing village tour was amazing. It can help melt away stress, lower blood pressure, bring smiles to your lips and help forget any troubles on your mind or in your heart. This is not a really quick tour. You have ample time to relax and enjoy. *Remember to bring your camera for this wonderful tour. I highly recommend it!
Written January 7, 2017
Sarah G
35 contributions
Golden Bay Cruise - bed bugs, awful service and cock ups throughout.
Oct 2016 • Friends
Myself and two friends booked the cruise as it was meant to be mid-range for Ha Long Bay and I'd found some decent reviews. We were quoted $140pp for 2 nights but got them down to $105 for a triple superior room as no economy rooms were available when we went to book so we paid more. The 3.5 hour bus journey from Hanoi took 6 hours, which is not a problem but just FYI. The guide on the bus was great, very informative and helpful, I think his name was Phro. Unfortunately when we got to Ha Long Bay we were passed over to another guide, Mong, whose English wasn't great and who seemed as though he really didn't enjoy his job and was just going through the motions to get the job done with minimal effort. On arrival we were advised that we couldn't have a triple room and there was no such thing as a superior room, instead I was told I'd be sharing with another man who was travelling alone. As a 27 year old girl I found this to be completely unacceptable. I was lucky that he was a nice guy but being made to share a double cabin with a strange man should not be allowed. Our first stop was the caves which were really impressive but the other guides were informing their groups about the caves, how they had been created and a bit of history. Mong spent the whole time pointing out animal shapes in the rock with a lazer pen so we ended up following another group. The first day was everything being crammed into a couple of hours. After returning from kayaking (soaked to the skin) I was told I couldn't shower because I had to go straight to the deck to 'enjoy small party'. This included standing on the deck drinking the 3 sips of red wine which we were provided with, which was advertised as 'compliamentary wine before dinner. Day 1 in Ha Long Bay was extremely disappointing. The water is just filled with an obscene amount of boats and cruises and the water is filthy. We have just come from the Philippines which has everything this area of Ha Long Bay has and more... with clear water and no tourists!
The food was at times mediocre, at times awful (only stale toast and jam for breakfast). I don't eat meat and had to remind them of this at every meal as they kept forgetting and cooking no veggie option.
On the first night I was informed by my new roommate that he had tried to go to bed and had been greeted by a bed bug on his duvet and another dead one under his pillow. We asked our guide for help to which he initially said we must have imagined it then when my roommate brought him the bug on a tissue he said there was nothing that we could do, we'd just have to sleep there. He informed us that we must have brought them with us because there was a nice couple staying there the day before so it couldn't have been them! He told me that I'd have to deal with it as it was my fault. His attitude was absolutely appalling the only reason we managed to have any success in finding another bed was because I told him if he didn't do something I would make sure he was kept awake all night and that all the other passengers were woken to check their beds. After that he found us a bed immediately (more than an hour after finding the bugs). After moving to a new (cockroach infested) room we double checked the beds with Mong in the room and when I commented on the amount of dark hairs and dirt on the sheets he told me it had come off me. I have red hair.
Luckily day two of the cruise, after we left Mong was great. Cat Ba Island and the hotel there were great and the areas which we sailed through were much less crowded but I'd strong advise avoiding Golden Bay Cruises and if I was to go back ando it again I probably wouldn't do a cruise at all, I think a trip to Cat Ba and some smaller islands would be much nicer.
Written October 26, 2016
Olly D
Golden Bay Cruise
Aug 2016 • Friends
Booked this cruise I'm Hanoi with Golden Bay cruises for 3 days and 2 nights. All went to plan when we arrived on the boat in Halong. The boat was comfortable and the staff were friendly. After our first night we were transferred to Cat Ba island. Although not the most amazing island we had a pleasant enough time. Day 3 things changed unfortunately we had to evacuated from the island due to a typhoon hitting the area. At first slightly suspicious we weren't sure if this was a scam. However on arrival at the ferry terminal we clocked the number of locals leaving as well it seemed legit. Quite annoyed we had missed out on quite a large portion of our $119 tour we went back to our travel agent Tony. He was aware of the issue and refunded is a portion of our money. Hence the full stars rating.
Written August 19, 2016
BrodieBunch0004
Singapore, Singapore29 contributions
1
Trash, trash and more trash
Mar 2016 • Family
Over spring break, we went on a 3-day, 2-night cruise of Halong Bay. The images from the online sites and descriptions ("Hạ Long Bay, in northeast Vietnam, is known for its emerald waters") give you the impression that the area is a pristine natural wonderland. Unfortunately there is too SO MUCH GARBAGE in every direction, so this is a false perception. Part of our itinerary included time for snorkeling and swimming, but there was NO WAY I was going in those waters. It was polluted with everything from used sanitary napkins, to plastic containers, to light bulbs, shoes, clothing, and dozens of plastic bags. I was told that the gov. has begun hiring people to clean-up. During our time on the water, we saw one man in a small boat with a small net collecting some rubbish, but it is going to take a much bigger effort. The area has so much potential, but the trash ruins the whole experience. With the money they are making on the tourism from the Halong Bay cruises, surely there is money to be put into a massive clean-up effort.
Written March 29, 2016
Robin270
Barcelona, Spain138 contributions
Touristic Nightmare
Feb 2016 • Couples
Obviously the bay would be very pretty but there is one big thing about this. When you go you go together with 500 Boats at the same time. No sailing all motorboats. Then all the boats need to take the same route because there is only one route approaved in the bay. Then all the boat who stay overbight are in the same bay, all boats are the same, the food is terrible bad and it is just the opposite of romantic or poetic. If you want to see the bay take a waterplane from Hanoi, fly through the bay and flight back you save one full day of driving toward,checking on the boat and driving back.
Written February 24, 2016
mmlosey1119
Houston, TX1,225 contributions
Worth the effort and time to visit
Nov 2014 • Friends
Very beautiful and unique scenery. A completely different side of Vietnam from the bustling cities of Saigon or Hanoi where most tourists go. Very serene, peaceful, and remote. We were able to go on a couple kayaking excursions, explore a cave, and take a quick dip while resting on shore one of the karst islands. Quite a long drive from Hanoi so not the easiest place to get to, but the drive from Hanoi was almost as exciting and interesting as the end location as well as the drive is through the northern region's farmland, which is quite pretty.
Written September 22, 2015
Mimi P
Southampton, England, United Kingdom52 contributions
Not as pictured
Aug 2015 • Friends
We went on the Golden Bay cruise which cost us $155. It was dissapointment after dissapointment. Got on the boat and it looked nothing like the pictures, went to the bedroom, which looked nothing like the pictures with a hard matress, rats and cockroaches and went into the dining room, which SHOCK, looked nothing like the pictures. There were 17 people on our boat crammed round 3 small square tables eating off the corners. The food was literally disgusting and the same every day! We did nothing on the itinerary, no kayaking, 30 mins of swimming and then it was bedtime. No squid fishing, no karoke, nothing. Halong bay in itself was of course beautiful, but the tour was a massive rip off and i would advise other people to not even book a tour, but togo through the locals ferry which costs about $10. This was the end of our trip and it just ruined vietnam for us, just feel like everyone here is out to rip us off. Not great.
Written August 10, 2015
…
30
31
32
Showing results 301-310 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Canberra, Australia
232 contributions
transparency report
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
351 contributions
Colchester, VT
1,120 contributions
Alexandria, VA
134 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
29 contributions
Barcelona, Spain
138 contributions
Houston, TX
1,225 contributions
Southampton, England, United Kingdom
52 contributions
