Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
jeffrey57
windsor98 contributions
0
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Be very careful what you book
Dec 2014 • Solo
There are no 2 night cruises. They are all one night only. If yiu book the 2 night, you are really only booking 2 identical one night cruises. There are only 3 attractions in Ha Long Bai, which are visited by te thousands of tourists, al at the same time from the hundreds of boats that are out there. Day 1. Leave Hanoi at around 8 a.m. For the 3 hour drive to Ha Long. There is a lot of congestion at the port at every tourist arrives at the same time. You are taken by launch to your boat. Anyone you book through is merely an agent and they pass your booking to anyone they want. I paid for a luxury boat with deluxe accomodation and private sun deck. That simply doea not exist. None of the photos you are shown exist. The boats are all old and very tatty. I ended up on a backpacker boat. It was not what I paid for, but I had a wonderful time with people from all over the world. You get to the boat, have lunch, are allocared a room, then take the launch again to 2 of the three attractions. Usually, Monkey Island where there is a small beach and 300 steps to the top for a panoramic view of the islands. Like everything in Vietnam, no-one has bothered to finish it. The steps lead nowhere ! At the top, the tourists have stamped down a clearing which holds about 10 people to see through the trees. thousands stop here at the same moment, so you can imagine the struggles. Then you go to attraction 2, the oyster farm / pearl factory. A commercial shop to sell pearls. Then it is back to the boat for dinner. Food varies emnormously, from boat to boat and it makes no difference what you have paid. It is simply pot luck what boat you end up on. Day 2. Breakfast is at 7 a.m. You then leave for attraction 3 at about 8 a.m.. The Surprising Cave. This is a brillaint cave system of three caves and very much worth seeing. You get back on the boat for lunch at 10.30 a.m. Check out and be back in port by 1.30 a.m. For the drive back to Hanoi. If you have booked 2 nights 3 days, on day 2 when the others go off for their 3rd atraction, you are transfered with all the other 2 night people from other boats, onto a small,launch and taken further into the islands for 3 kayaking sessions. You have lunch on the small launch and droped back onto your big boat at about 3 p.m. No-one will be there as a new group of 1 night people, will be out doing their 2 attractions. They will get back at about 5.30 p.m. For cooking class - how to make a spring roll - and dinner at 6.30 p.m. They will be in their groups and have already had lunch together, so younhave to wait to sit down until they have all done so. On my trip, I had been forgotten and there was no seat or meal for me. They had to put something together. I was isolated and had to intoduce myself to new groups every day. I complained that I had paid for luxury and got backpacker and refused to go with APT for my second trip. I went with An Amm cruises, the second time. The accomodation was slightly better, but the food was excellent and beautifully presented. The tours were identical as was day 2. Again I was seperated along with al the other 2 night people. Again when I got back at 3 p.m. I had to wait until the 1 night people got back at about 5 p.m. To sit down at dinner. Again I had been forgotten and had to be seated seperately. Everyone else had beautifully created meals, I had a makeshift dinner on plates, that loked like a staff members dinner. It is pot luck. The more luxurious tour had very boring, very correct people and dinner was in silence. They all went to their rooms immediately afterwards. On the backpacker boat, we all stayed up drinking till after midnightlaughing and exploring other people'countries and experiences. I had the best 2 nights I have had in years. Hearing about the Russian view of Putin from Russians, Ukraine from Ukrainians, Basque seperatists from real live Basques and Mormonism, from a Mormon fro Utah. Young back packers are brilliant entertainment. Rich tousist are so stuffy !
Written December 28, 2014
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
shukran_habibi
Singapore, Singapore100 contributions
5
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay - typhoon/cyclone protocol
Jul 2014 • Family
We travelled to Halong Bay in July 2014 and our Halong Bay tour was unfortunately thwarted by super typhoon Ramassun. I'm writing this review to alert Halong Bay travellers to the protocol that all the Halong Bay boat operators follow when a cyclone/typhoon is forecast.

The day before our tour we heard that the typhoon was on it's way so we were very worried, we were due to leave at 8am the following morning. It was the weekend and it was really too late to do anything about changing our plans. At that stage, the Halong Bay Port Authority had not yet closed the port so we were unable to cancel our trip, had the typhoon changed path or something we would not be entitled to a refund. Our hotel called our tour company for us (Paradise Peak, but I've been informed by a friend in the travel industry in Hanoi that all operators follow pretty much the same protocol) and informed us that we still had to proceed with our road journey to Halong Bay (3-4 hours) as the Port Authority wouldn't make a decision about closing the bay until 11am the next day.
We journeyed by car to Halong Bay, boarded the boat with our luggage and were then told that the Port Authority had closed the bay from 3PM that day. All boats had to be back by this time. We were allowed to cruise around the bay for only a few hours rather than the overnight tour that we had booked. Oddly enough, our short cruise was conducted in perfect sunny and calm conditions, there was no evidence of an approaching typhoon at all. Paradise Peak gave us the option of returning to Hanoi that day or staying overnight in their hotel in Halong Bay city. We elected to return to Hanoi as did the other passengers on our boat. To their credit, the boat manager and staff organised everything for us and for the other passengers on our boat; they called the hotel of our choice in Hanoi and booked a room, they arranged return transportation with our own agent. I was a little annoyed that they had waited till we were on the actual boat to tell us that the bay was being closed, they could have actually told us earlier. As per our booking conditions, we were issued with a partial refund by our agent (the refund came through about a week later). We still had to pay for the journey there and back and the few hours tour on Halong Bay and our lunch on the boat. I also lodged a claim with our travel insurance but I'm still waiting to hear about whether I get any money back from them.
If you're reading this review because you're booked on a boat and you've just heard about a typhoon, please be reassured that the Halong Bay Port Authority are very cautious about typhoons and will not allow boats out in bad conditions.
Of note, the Super Typhoon Ramassun didn't actually do any damage to Halong Bay or to Hanoi. Our Hanoi hotel concierge actually told us that in his 20 years experience he's never known a typhoon to hit Hanoi as badly as they are expected. We were really disappointed to have missed out on the Halong Bay experience but also glad to have avoided a typhoon. We were travelling with our two young children so I knew I wouldn't have slept at all on the boat from worrying about the typhoon anyway. We were also glad that we got to spend a few short hours on Halong Bay rather than no time at all. It really is spectacular and the overnight tour (in calm conditions) would have been a beautiful experience.
Written August 9, 2014
Trevor M
Amsterdam, The Netherlands52 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
More like "Halong Until We Leave" or "Unesco World Trash Heap"!!
May 2014 • Couples
The joke on our boat was we were trapped in an adult summer camp nightmare... rigid schedule and forced shopping! We did the typical two night trip much like all that are available from any Hanoi hotel. One night on the boat and one night at a bungalow.
Here's the itinerary.. The 3 hour bus ride there was fine but we made a planned "break" at a shopping mall where you walk in one side and have to get to the other side and they pick you up again with the bus. And they give you 30 minutes to do this! And all the stuff for sale was 2 to 3 times more expensive then in Hanoi. No thanks!
Day one you get to kayak for 30 minutes (!!) around the floating trash piles. Then a cave tour which is nice and cool from the heat but caves are caves anywhere in the world, nothing spectacular about this one except for graffiti on the walls in Chinese and Vietnamese writing. Then you get to swim for an hour. After swimming we all smelled like sewage! Nice dinner on the boat and had fun karaoke with the other passengers.
Day two they take you to the pearl farm which is sad, dirty and simply for another contained shopping experience. Skip this and relax on the boat.
Then to the bungalow to kayak or do the bike ride on Cat Ba Island. We kayaked in the super sketchy boats around the island where our bungalow was and stopped at a beautiful deserted beach and found it buried in trash once we landed. Super depressing.
They announce to be at dinner at 6pm sharp and food to be served at 7pm (??) Don't be late!! Then you get up early for breakfast and head out by 8am (DON'T BE LATE!)
"DON'T BE LATE!" we heard all the time. 20 to 30 minutes between events to "relax". The only nice thing about the trip was the food on the boat and the bungalow night. We asked to stay an extra night at the bungalow and they were all full :(
The tourist junkers and local fisherman and their floating villages use the Bay as a trash dump and sewage pit. We were really looking forward to this part of the trip and tried hard to get past the trash but it's just bad.. really bad! The scenery is nice for an hour or two then it gets quite repetitive.
If I could do it all over again I would do a quick trip right to a bungalow for at least two nights and skip the junker entirely. The trip to get to the bungalow is sufficient for touring the islands any spend more time relaxing on the beach, playing volleyball etc and kayaking around.
Written June 17, 2014
itho9217
Melbourne Australia153 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
One Day trip Hanoi - Halong Bay
May 2013 • Couples
Because of passport problems (it was stolen) we had an extra couple of days in Hanoi. We decided the best way to make the best of a bad situation was to do something exciting. So we booked a one day tour from Hanoi - Halong Bay. Amazing really we booked on Tuesday afternoon and were on the tour next day - a small group tour of 17 people on a minibus.
The minibus picked us up at our hotel (Church Boutique in the Old Quarter) at just after 8-00 AM. Afyer nearly an hour of crawling through Hanoi traffic to collect other members of the tour we set off on the 170 km journey to Halong Bay. With the obligatory 25 minute toilet stop at a massive retail outlet where all manner of souvenirs, objet d'art and food we continued our jouney to Halong Bay. Overall we were on the bus for nearly 4 hours.
Just as we arrived the heavens opened up with a drenching rainstorm. Fortunately we were able to transfer to our "Dragon Boat" which took us on a short cruise through the stunning scenery of the bay somewhat less spectacular because of the rain and low cloud. We were fed an adequate lunch - mostly sea-food presented in Vietnamese style.
The cruise and lunch were timed so that we arrived to visit the Dao Go cave with some spectacular limestone cave formations. The lighting effects enhanced the views. The caves are not actively building structures because they are much too open. This is just one of the caves of thousands in the area on the nearly 2000 islands displaying spectacular karst topography.
Our visit also coincided with a tropical downpour which saw the poncho venors out in force. You need to be reasobaly fit - there are 200 steps up and 200 steps down to negotiate on the visit. When itis as wet as we experienced the steps are uneven and slippery - just take your time.
Magically after we exited the cave the clouds rolled away and the sun came out - exposing the dramatic scenery of the bay as we continued our cruise out to a floating village and a ride on a local craft operated by one woman power. This was a really nice peaceful boat trip into another spectacular formation through a narrow opening in the rock wall - the boat trio was $6 extra.
Then back to Ha Long City which is going through a massive development push and our minibus for the return journey to Hanoi.
Again another obligatory toilet stop at a massive retail outlet and return to Hanoi by about 8.30 PM. In all we spent about 8 hours travelling in the minibus for 4 hours of cruising and sughtseeing on Halong Bay. We could have had a more leisulely 2 day tour to see much the same thing with an overnight on a Dragon Boat or even a 3 day tour if we wished.
The day tour cost us $45USD per person. We thought it was good value for money. The guide was knowledgable and personable. There was a good atmosphere on the minibus with 17 people from 10 countries as passengers - UN on a minibus. Given our circumstances we did not need any more time in the area and I suspect that the three day tour could become a bit boring - you can only absorn so much spectacular scenery of the same kind before you are overloaded. Halong Bay is rightly a world heritage area and really is a must see in Vietnam. We are glad that our enforced extra time in Hanoi enabled us to include this area in our visit to Vietnam. It is stunning and a one day trip is the minimum time required to include it in your itinerary..
Written May 20, 2013
flavour2804
Melbourne, Australia96 contributions
Paloma Cruise - Halong Bay
Jun 2012 • Solo
Halong Bay is clearly a must when visting Vietnam, especially if you are in the Hanoi region. I did a fair amount of research on who to travel with and settled on Paloma Cruise, although I did find it difficult to differentiate between a lot of the "mid-range" cruise companies. What I would say is don't scrimp on your tour price by going for a cheap option and definitely book the 3-day/2-night cruise, rather than the 2-day/1-night cruise, assuming you have the time. Most companies will offer both.
Paloma picked me up from my hotel in Hanoi, along with my fellow travellers, (and dropped us back) for an additional USD20. The journey out to Halong City took around 3.5 hours in a comfortable mini-bus and our guide for the cruise, Jerry, gave us plenty of information and facts along the way.
Transfer to the boat is pretty seamless and before you know it you are in amongst the myriad rocky outcrops that make up Halong Bay. Day 1 involves lunch on board, a visit to a floating fishing/pearl oyster village then dropping anchor, with a number of other cruise boats. Dinner and drinks are on board and if you are the sort who likes karaoke the crew are only too happy to fire up the machine, otherwise you can watch a movie or retire to your cabin.
Day 2 involves tai chi before breakfast on the deck, then for those on the 1-night cruise they are whisked off to a nearby cave and then it's back to Halong City on the main Paloma boat. If this sounds like it's over before it begins, then that's how it seemed to me too, hence the recommendation to go with the 2-night option.
There was only me and one other person on the 2-night cruise when I did it, so after breakfast, we transferred to 'Paloma II', a smaller, but still decent sized boat, and headed further into the Halong Bay area. We stopped to kayak and have lunch and then at a man-made beach on an island, before returning to the main boat, which had the next batch of passengers on board.
Day 3 we went to the aforementioned cave before getting back to Halong City a little after midday for the transfer back to Hanoi.
Anyway, here are my thoughts on Paloma Cruise and Halong Bay in general:
The Paloma is an attractive, modern, clean and comfortable boat.
I stayed in one of the suites, but as I hardly used the balcony, this was a bit of a waste. I would definitely opt for a cabin with a window view however.
The food was plentiful and fantastic.
The crew were friendly, helpful and knew their stuff.
Halong Bay is stunning, although we had hazy/cloudy weather, so it wasn't ideal for photography and viewing, but the conditions are in the lap of the gods.
That said, the pollution and rubbish in the water is a blight and for me it really detracted from the experience. In fact, I did not go swimming at all, due to the amount of crap in the water, which was a major disappointment. The Vietnamese authorities and the tour companies have a responsibility to do something about this. And if you see any tourists chucking rubbish in the water you should give them a piece of your mind.
The tour itself is relaxing and gives you a good feel for the overall area. However, I feel that not nearly enough effort is made to get away from other boats and give you a different experience, which is one of the reasons I chose Paloma, as they indicated that would be the case. You anchor at night with at least 30 other boats, and on day 2, when we had the best part of 6-7 hours to explore, we travelled at snail's pace for no more than about hour and really didn't get to see much that was new or different and always with numerous other boats in the vicinity. If I visit Halong Bay again, I will be seeking a company that guarantees to take me away from the crowds. Perhaps the authorities don't allow companies to stray from the well-worn path, but if this is the case it should be explained.
Finally, whoever in the government decreed that all the boats must be painted white (to look like cruise liners) is an idiot. It looks crap and the natural dark brown timber is far more attractive. Most boats were clearly painted over night as the slapdash work is clear to see close up.
Hope this long-winded review is of some use to some of you out there.
Written August 2, 2012
Travel Taster
Melbourne, Australia65 contributions
Halong Bay needs help
Apr 2011
We went to the wonderful Halong Bay and spent two nights on a wooden Junk. It was a great experience and the food and staff were fantastic. However there are so many cruises nowadays that all the boats travel the same routes. They also tend to anchor over night in the same bay. Thus in the morning the water is filled with plastic bags and plastic water bottles etc... Unesco have claimed it as a World Heritage site and thats why so many people go there but if the pollution continues no one will want to go there any more. We didnt let the kids swim in the water where we anchored so in 3 days they only swam once when we were out of the main area. the cruise was fantastic but Unesco needs to educate the local fishermen and the cruise boat operators or they will not be operating for long. Its really sad...
Written May 3, 2011
Trip194666
3 contributions
1
Oriental Sails Junk
Hi,
Just back from a 1 night 2 day trip to Halong Bay on the Oriental Sails Junk organised by my hotel Hanoi Silver in Hanoi.
Absolutely amazing trip that I would highly recommend. We were picked up from our hotel at 8am in the morning and got to Halong around 1pm. We were greeted by this stunning boat the Oriental Sails. All the boats seemed to look pretty much the same to me. The Oriental Sails was really clean with nice decor. The rooms had a great bed and a decent shower.
The food onboard was superb. We had lunch & then went to discover the spectacular caves. This was brilliant. We then came back to the boat & did some Kayaking. The weather wasn't so good with alot of clouds, but it was still worth doing. I came across a floating house & waved to the people on it which was cool. Then we were back to the boat for dinner in the evening. Food again was really good.
Just remember - Drinks aren't included in the overal price. The price of a bottle of wine was €22 dollars, which I thought was a bit of a joke to be honest. I was told by my hotel that drinks were included in the trip price whilst having dinner.
That said I would definately recommend Oriental Sails. I would just say bring some water with you.
Also it is freezing in Hanoi/Halong just now. Bring a winter jacket, hat & gloves because you will need them :-)
Written January 12, 2011
JohnWongDr
Sentosa Island, Singapore1 contribution
Halong Luxury travel- Perfect Violet Cruise
Our trip was wonderful! Couldn’t have asked for better.
Our driver was prompt and very polite. Even though we didn’t speak the same language we both knew the word “music” and he had some good CDs! It made the trip go faster. The Jsamine Cruise was excellent. The guides on boat were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful as could be. The room was great and the food superb!
It wasn’t cheap but it was worth every cent! Hightly recommend you!
Thanks again HalongLuxuryTravel & VietnamTripAdvisor
Written May 20, 2010
TonyAyk
Cape Town Central, South Africa210 contributions
Simply beautiful, but with qualifications
This is an amazing area well worth a visit. We booked an overnight cruise with Paradise Cruises and they were simply excellent - very high quality accomodation, food and service, The brickbats were for expensive onboard drinks and ordinary trips - the cave and fishing village are best avoided (especially given the number of other boats crowding around). The boat moored overnight at a very quiet location with no other boats in sight. Fabulous.
Halong Bay is a large area but all the crusie boats seem to head to the same 'attractions' like moths to a lamp. A little more creativity is required here. Also I suspect Halong Bay is becoming a victim of it's own fame. Damn those tourists!!
Written January 24, 2010
Fran
Orange, Australia14 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Only much nature can do
Mar 2021
Too much human pollution. Into the bay. Nature can do only so much to clean the bay. It is time for polluting humans to do the clean up themselves.
Written April 21, 2021
…
23
24
25
Showing results 231-240 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
windsor
98 contributions
transparency report
Singapore, Singapore
100 contributions
Amsterdam, The Netherlands
52 contributions
Melbourne Australia
153 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
96 contributions
65 contributions
Sentosa Island, Singapore
1 contribution
Cape Town Central, South Africa
210 contributions
Orange, Australia
14 contributions
