Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
jamesbonthai
New York City, NY11 contributions
1
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay with Canary Cruise
Feb 2013 • Business
We spent the few days on Halong Bay with Canary Cruise. Fantastic, great food, great staff, great tour guide. The food was terrific, fresh and plenty of it. We enjoyed the stay on the cruise and met other interesting fellow travelers. One highlight was kayak around the islands, up close and personal - swim at the beaches and squid fishing at night. I would highly recommend this cruise company if you are going to Halong Bay, Vietnam. Halong bay is one of those places that must be seen if you ever go to Vietnam.
Written June 30, 2013
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Andie_0002000
Hamburg, Germany1 contribution
0
1.0 of 5 bubbles
I want to re-iterate a warning!
Jun 2012 • Friends
I just want to re-issue a warning about kayaking in Halong Bay. My experience was in 2009 but I don't see enough about the dangers in the Bay area. I travelled with a friend and we arranged our Halong Bay Boat trip through a local operator on Cat Bah island. The boat was fine as was the intended programme which included the use of a kayak that we took with us. The kayaking turned into a nightmare because we were sucked into a cave that looked just like the many caverns at the bottom of the limestone karats that are generally only a metre deep. We capsized and were dragged into complete darkness in a very strong current, lost the kayak and fought for our lives, trying to drag ourselves along the cave walls against the current towards what we hoped was the exit. Rescue was slow to come; anyone less of a strong swimmer might have drowned.

The greatest shock came though when nobody really cared about our trauma or injuries but we were instead maltreated because we had lost the kayak. There was a demand for 500 US dollars on the spot and when we refused to pay (or couldn't because we didn't have so much cash on us) we were held to ransom on the boat. Only by phoning the guy we had arranged the tour through were we eventually let back on land and the drama continued until a day or so later when we got our passports back in Hanoi.
I won't say don't go to Halong Bay - it is beautiful but be weary of the kayaking. There was no warning and our boat crew clearly did not know about the danger either.
Written May 9, 2013
Richard B
Chester58 contributions
Paradise luxury cruises - excellent
Apr 2012 • Couples
We did a 2 night 3 day cruise with Paradise Cruises. I would recommend doing the 2 night rather than the 1 night as the drive from Hanoi is 4 hours, I think an 8 hour round trip for 20 hours on a boat would not be ideal.
The Paradise Luxury junk was excellent. We had an upper room with a balcony, which was small but functional (not much room on the boat for huge rooms). The food on the boat was excellent, and the staff were very good and helpful. My bag got misplaced, and they worked hard to find it, although I was panicking for a while. The sundeck on the top was nice with plenty of sunbeds.
On the first day we went to surprise cave, the main surprise was that it was rammed full of other people so was a slow queue through the cave and that it was pretty much ruined by too many people. Unless you are desperate to see the cave this would be a good time on the sundeck (I don't think they go here every day). On the next stop we were at Titov island. Some people went up to the observatory and said it was interesting, we kayaked to the beach, which was a nice trip.
Overnight all of the junks park up together. The evening meal was nice, but after that the boat has little life and they put a film on. We could hear some of the other junks partying. If you want a party boat probably not for you, but for a quiet time this is ideal.
On the second day we were moved onto the day boat, which for fine for the time we spent on it, and it had a bar and sundeck. On Cat Ba island we cycled to a village and went for a walk in the jungle. After going back to the day boat we went to an area of islands were we could kayak through some caves into otherwise inaccessible lagoons, these were spectacular.
Next day we had a quick rowing boat visit and then off back to port. Overall very good cruise, and well worth the visit.
Written April 29, 2012
norhellia
Melbourne, Australia1 contribution
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Beware : our incompetence saved our lives in Ha long Bay
Apr 2011
We recently completed a 2 day cruise aboard the junk "Victory" one of the better boats to do a tour of Ha Long Bay with. Whilst the trip on board was a safe one, one needs to be aware of potential hazzards you could encounter, if not for our incompetence we most certainly would have drowned.
To begin with the boat ride and 2 day overnight stay was terrific, food and accomadation was as good as you could get, however as part of our package, the following day we were transferred to smaller junk/boat. as we were to go kyaking. On this day the Captain who was also the tour guide for the kyaking experience was the first Kyak to take off, there were 8 kyaks in all , he took off with no safety regulations, instructions or guidence for the rest of us (probably because he could not speak English) and as the second kyak entered the water it followed him some 200 yards behind, followed by each kyak as it loaded with each one approx 200 yards apart, we were the seventh kyak to load and now approx 300 yards behind the sixth kyak, this was our very first experience at kyaking and in 20 metres of deep ocean, we had no idea what we were doing, all we managed to do was go in circles, the last kyak to load were experienced kyakers and offered us some helpful tips but we were poor learners, by this time the last kyak to leave before us was about 600 yards ahead, we thanked them for the assistance but also suggested that they go ahead and forget about us, in order for them to catch up to the others. In the meantime we spent the next hour trying to paddle our way back to the boat, but the strong currents kept pushing us back, we eventually made it back on board with an employee hanging from the ladder attached to the side of the boat with arms stretched out trying to reach the paddle that my wife had extended for him to reach out and haul us in (you would think they would have had the common sense to be able to throw us a rope) Success was finally achieved and we were now safe on board after a one hour battle.
90 minutes later the captain returned followed by the other 7 kyakers about 10 minutes behind. They returned with horror stories galore as well as many of them suffering bad cuts from Coral ( which later became infected and now requiring continued hospital treatment some 10 days after event and ongoing medical treatment continuing as I write)
All the Captain was interested in was collecting mussles when he took off in such a hurry, as the others followed his lead, he had lead them through a cave which he had navigated safely, however when the others arrived watching him collecting mussles at one end of the cave, he gave them a wave, they then attempted to paddle through the
cave and join him, however the tide was now comming in and a whirl pool had developed (like a rip) pushing them out, they could not enter as they were continually forced back by the whirlpool, although everyone was a fully experienced kyaker they had great difficulty trying to paddle through the cave, now watching the tide rise at about 6 to 8 inches a minute, it forced others to get out and try and climb on the reef to try and pull all the kyaks that were now banking up through, in the meantime no assistance was offered by the captain/tour guide. Eventually they did manage to get though before the ocean rised to the level of the cave with only a minute or two to spare. Had we attempted to continue they all made it clear to us we would never have got through and drowned, as experienced Kyakers they felt they were very lucky to escape, where as there was no doubt that had we continued to try and follow lagging as we would have there was no way my wife and I would have survived.
The message is simple, we were on what was considered to be the best boat available, I shudder to think how people in lesser kept boats are looked after, if you are going to kyak in Halong Bay "think Twice"
Hope fully I just may have saved a life.
Written May 6, 2011
Stv7o7
Halong Bay, Vietnam4 contributions
6
The worse place in Planet Earth
Jul 2019 • Couples
We were in Hanoi, recommended by a colleague of my partner , said Ha Long is a nice place to visit, we trusted her, and took a 5 night stay in Ha Long, trust me , it's the worse place to be. I don't understand what is so great about the cruise to overcrowded place. The sea was dirty, and green, the only good thing is the view, the place is overcrowded with Chinese Tourist, construction everywhere, they should just put Ha long for Chinese Tourist only. We went to the Cable car site, the place is overcrowded, there was a Garden with Fake flower, how ironic is that? being 70% of Fake item of the world comes from a specific country, and that specific country's tourist come all the way to see fake flowers.. totally disgusting. To all whom reading this post, please do yourself a favour, Skip Ha Long, Skip Ha Noi, go elsewhere in the world. Don't go here. Seriously, everything here is fake. All the picture you see on the net about Ha Long Bay is utterly blastic lies. Don't trust them. Go to Thailand, its nicer, go to Philippines, better, go to Malaysia (east) , superb, DO NOT GO VIETNAM HALONG bay. I cannot digest the good reviews here, HOW it is even possible? perhaps fake people likes fake things, that's why they enjoy writing good review. My Review is REAL TRUTH. I'm sure there is other place in Vietnam that is better, but definitely NOT HA LONG bay. and they said this is a UNESCO heritage site, I wonder how it is even possible. Only gods know who classified this place a UNESCO Heritage site. Overrated. Money is not an issue for us, we just wanted a good place to rest, unfortunately, this is a wasted mini vacation ever. wasted my time, my money, and there is nothing to enjoy.
Written July 31, 2019
Halong Bay C
18 contributions
Golden Bay Party Cruise
Oct 2017 • Friends
This great fun and very good value tour to Halong Bay, you get to do the water sport activities in the day time and party at night time. We enjoy our trip, it is a very fun party with free booze, all in all for a 95 USD per person. Great value, simple as that.
Written October 23, 2017
Mke H
Calgary33 contributions
HalongSapa Tours
Mar 2012 • Couples
We went to Halong Bay and had a terrific time. It was all made possible by the hard-working husband and wife team (Tien & Cham) of HalongSapa Tours in Hanoi. We had such a wonderful time that we booked a second trip to Sapa through them and had a great experience both times. The price of their tours is very competitive (cheaper than most) but the best part in dealing with htem is the exceptional customer service that they provide, taking all the worries out of your travel adventures. Tien personally escorted us to our cabin on the Sapa-bound train and met us on our return at 5 am, assisting us back to our guest house. There were several other unexpected benefits that they provided for us making our tours truly memorable and highlights of our SE Asia trip. We rarely provide reviews but since we had such a positive experience, we wanted to share that with other tourists so that they could make the most of their travel choices as well.
Mike & Rhonda (Canada)
Written April 11, 2012
RoxyKat
Washington DC, DC9 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Indochina Sails v Bhaya Cruises
Aug 2011
We have been to Halong Bay several times and have tried different cruise companies each time. So far our favourties have been Indochina Sails and Bhaya Cruises. For Luxury, and that extra touch, Bhaya come out in front. The boat is large and has several areas to sit and enjoy the Bay. It has a massage area for those who wish to fully relax, great staff and little extras like roses petals dropped onto you from above as you arrive and scattered on your bed. The dinner is many courses long consisting of great food and the staff are just excellent. They cater for children very well and made dishes which my children devoured. Happy Hour at dusk meant we could sit and enjoy the suset with a cocktail.
Indochina Sails on the other hand was less luxurious (but more expensive) however the bathrooms were very big in comparison to the Bhaya. Rooms very similar, food lovely but not as extensive in terms of range of food. Only one outside area to view the bay (which was fine but not enough seats for everyone and many of us had to stand for hours). Staff were unable to bring up chairs from the dinning room or another area to cater for all the passengers. Indochina had a wine tasting hour which was fun and in comparison Bhaya had a spring roll making(and eating ) session. Happy hour was also after 9pm on Indochina Sails which was dissapointing as it would have been nice to sit on the deck at dusk and have a drink or two. Did not cater well for children in terms of food and the vegetarian options were a bit light weight. Kayaking however was wonderful and the location was stunning. Only problem was that you have to miss out on the floating fishing village (which is included in your package) to take advantage of the kayaking. Bhaya Cruiases had these activities seperately when we travalled with them.
Overall, both offer great value for money and very similar packages however, my personal preference was for Bhaya Cruises which made the extra effort in certain areas and made the overall experience first class.
Written August 13, 2011
Scott M
Sydney, Australia41 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Violet Cruise
Spent a night on Halong Bay on the Violet. It was supposed to be launched in November 2009 but it aint holding up too well! Very tired and in need of repair. A fairly expensive experience at around $500US a night. It amazes me that there is no hot water on the boat during summer yet they have a spa in the bathroom! The food was just OK with possibly the worst pastries I've ever had for "pre breakfast". They must microwave them - absolutely horrible....
Written July 9, 2010
Stephanie S
Bratislava, Slovakia18 contributions
POLLUTION!
May 2017 • Couples
I was really looking forward to getting out of the busy city and into nature, but was very disappointed when I arrived in Halong Bay. It was completely polluted. We spent a total of three days and two nights in the bay area, one night on a luxury cruise ship and another at a bungalow resort. In both locations we were saddened by the shocking amount of trash in the water. It became abundantly clear to me that the amount of tourism is negatively affecting Halong Bay. The tour companies don't have (or maybe are not using) the proper resources to dispose of the large daily flow of trash. We saw more plastic bottles, plastic bags, and styrofoam than I could count. When our cruise ship anchored on the last day I saw all sorts of food waste, cigarette packs, and plastic bags mysteriously floating out from under the ship. It made me really sad, especially since it was one of hundreds of ships. I have no idea what is done with the sewage, but I don't have a great feeling about that as well. Halong Bay is a stunning chain of islands that could be one of the natural wonders of the world, but the human impact has ruined it. I feel guilty for putting my money towards a companies that are contributing to the destruction of Halong Bay. My hope is that the Vietnamese governement puts some stronger environmental regulations into place, but they won't do that if the tourism continues to increase and companies keep making money. After doing some research I learned that there are a few Eco Friendly tour companies. If you do decide to visit Halong Bay, I would encourage you to book with them and support their efforts to clean up the bay.
Written May 14, 2017
…
19
20
21
Showing results 191-200 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
New York City, NY
11 contributions
transparency report
Hamburg, Germany
1 contribution
Chester
58 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
Halong Bay, Vietnam
Calgary
33 contributions
Washington DC, DC
Sydney, Australia
41 contributions
Bratislava, Slovakia
