Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
shamda
New York City, NY65 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay and Victory Star Cruise
Oct 2012
Halong Bay is arguably one of the most beautiful places on earth. Huge (and not so huge) limestone rocks burst out of the sea. Cruise boats of all sizes and small local fishing boats coast among the huge rocks, quietly and gently - I don't remember one moment of the boat rocking. The water is warm and swimmable (a great relief after sweating for a week in humid Hanoi and environs). Lots of cruise boats of all sizes available. We were on the Victory Star - a luxury boat, very comfortable with great food, great service, great air conditioning and comfortable beds and lounge chairs. Spaceious and beautiful, it is a new boat (2000) that looks like an old boat - made of l beautiful dark wood (Vietnamese black walnut?), lovely large green plants on deck, I felt like I was in a 1930's or early 1940's movie and expected to see Sidney Greenstreet walk thru the door with Bogart and Bacall probably somewhere on deck. It was great fun and very relaxing after a week in Hanoi and environs. A great respite.
Written October 13, 2012
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
LTGuide
Hilversum, The Netherlands270 contributions
Must see wonder of the World
Aug 2012 • Family
If you travel to Vietnam, visit Halong Bay on a cruise. Take a 2 day / 1 night, this will give you a good impression, if your itinerary allows, make it a 3 day cruise. Indochina Junk is my favorite.
Written August 25, 2012
WanderlustV
Ithaca, NY151 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
A Must See That's in Fast Decline
Aug 2012 • Solo
Needless to see, Halong Bay is a must see if you are in Vietnam, and for good reason. It's one of the natural wonders of the world, and before commercialism hit it so hard Halong Bay must have been strikingly beautiful. However, the Vietnamese do not seem to be too concerned with preservation and are clearly trying to squeeze every penny possible out of this amazing place.

My expectations were incredibly high when I booked my 2 day, 1 night tour from Hanoi for $60 for a mid-level junk (took some negotiation, my roommate paid $90, so make sure to negotiate!). When I got to the bay, there was a sea of tourists. My group of about 15 people were herded on a junk and taken out to the main part of Halong Bay, about an hour away. Again, all you see is a sea of other junks and boats. The water was extremely dirty, floating plastic not uncommon. We visited the cave, which again was wall to wall tourists. Yes, the limestones are impressive, but just a little less impressive than if they were not completely surrounded by boats of all sizes. If you've been to other parts of SE Asia with similar natural landscapes (Krabi for example), Halong Bay is not as impressive as conveyed in pictures. Nonetheless, it's still definitely worth a visit (but a 2 day, 1 night tour is plenty)!
Written August 21, 2012
MaryT844
London, UK2 contributions
Aclass Opera cruise
Oct 2011 • Friends
I didn't plan to visit Halong Bay at first, due to some negative comments that I have read here and elsewhere but it turned out to be a pleasant surprise. My friends and I went for a 2-day-1-night tour with Aclass Opera Cruise. I was told the business was set-up last year, everything looked new and seemed to be in excellent condition. The staff was friendly and resourceful. Reasonable price, good food, a nice range of activities were covered. And I thought the scenery was awesome, especially if the weather was on your side.
Written October 13, 2011
holtrip255103
Perth, Australia40 contributions
Huong Hai Junk cruise with overnight stay was absolutely wonderful
Apr 2011
My husband and I went on a Halong Bay tour with an overnight stay on board a Huong Hai junk. The boat was small with only 6 cabins with ensuites which gave it a lovely personal touch. Our Vietnamese guide named Man went out of his way to ensure our trip was enjoyable. The food was delightful, all fresh seafood and the boat had a lovely dining room with windows all around to enjoy the view. The open top deck had lounges for each guest and we lay there mesmerised and watched the sun set as our little boat sailed ever so quietly past the mountains, so very beautiful and tranquil. We were taken on a cave tour and fish farm tour in the bay. It was incredible value for low cost.
Written May 10, 2011
Smeets P
London, UK9,403 contributions
Just Amazing
I took this deluxe cruise as the Huong Hai junk has single cabin, which costs less for solo traveller and also I liked the itinerary.
The itinerary included visit to Sung Son cave, which was magnificient, Trek to Titov mountain had panoramic views of the Bay.
The junk was really nice and while we (11 people in my junk) were waiting in the harbour, I noticed that a small boat came to collect the rubbish from Huong Hai junk. This pleased me a lot as I had heard that the junks emptied their rubbish into the sea.
My single cabin was lovely, but my friends double room was bigger and looked better. The tour guide was Hai and he was wonderful. As soon as he knew I was vegetarian he made sure I had plenty of food.
We had about 8 courses at each mealtime and I was impressed. All the staff on the junk were fantastic.
Ha long bay is very beautiful and I loved every moment of my time there. I got up early to watch the sunrise and also saw the eagles.
We visited the luon cove in a small boat and fed the monkeys.
All the people on my group were really nice and we even exchanged emails.
I cannot say enough praises for my tour guide Hai, as he really looked after all of us and had good sense of humour.
I had most amazing time at Ha Long bay and will definitely return there. See the pictures of the junk, cabin, dining area for Houng hai junk and panoramic views from mountain.
Written December 6, 2010
CatOng-er
Sydney, Australia132 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
calm after confusion
I'm writing this review because we had such an AWFUL time organising the tour, but were lucky we ended up with such an AMAZING time in halong bay itself.
My friend and I organised a 3 day 2 night Halong Bay tour from Hanoi, in the last week of september. We thought it would be easier doing it in hanoi, cos everyone said it was more expensive on the net.
But it wasn't really easier!
Maybe we did it wrong, because we spent one whole day in noisy honking dusty hot humid sweaty hanoi old quarter, getting semi-lost in the little streets, traipsing from one tour agency to the next, comparing tours. we were quite stressed, and they all sounded similar, but some were really expensive. we almost didn't want to go to halong bay after that!!!
we didn't realise there are like 5000 boat/tour operators in hanoi selling tours to halong bay - it was confusing trying to distinguish the real-deal operators from the copy-cats. we didn't even find some of the tour operators which were on our short-list (gleaned from extensive research via google and tripadvisor and lonely planet).
in the end, we went for Ocean Tours on 22 Hang Bac (just so you don't confuse it with a fake ocean tours). It was mid-range, approx US$130 for a 3day 2night tour. but we had extra night stay on the island, so extra $30.
AND BOY WERE WE GLAD WE DID!!!!
we had SUCH a great time in halong bay - it was so relaxing and beautiful, and we met some really nice people (which I also know was luck of the draw). even the haziness of the weather did not detract from the beauty
there are a few other tour companies around that street too, so you could start looking there.
the basic gist of most tours seemed pretty identical:
Day 1:
leave halong city noon-ish
sail
visit floating village
kayak around limestone things
stay on board boat one night
Day 2:
swim
visit caves (a bit like jenolan caves)
go to island
kayak / swim / trek on island
stay on island
Day 3:
sail back to Halong City
The things we liked about our tour / boat:
(1) small-ish boat, max 12-14 people
(2) all meals were on the boat (or island) - many operators pick you up from hanoi, but you have to have lunch in some restaurant in halong city before boarding boat (the city sounds overbuilt and touristy and yucky). we did not want to spend any time in halong city, after reading what we read in tripadvisor and lonely planet
(3) mid-range price
(4) kayaked around limestone karsts, and THROUGH them, and into this BEAUTIFUL cove that you can't get to any other way - it was amazing, feeling so close to nature
(5) the island stay was EXCELLENT. most tours go to Cat Ba island (the biggest island in halong bay, and it is really built up - like neon lights and discos and karaoke. good if you want some night life. Ocean Tours has its OWN little island opposite Cat Ba (it's called Cat Ong island, but no-one seemed to know its name..), and as i said there is only one "resort" on the island. and there are kayaks you can borrow anytime to kayak round the island, stopping at any of the 2-3 tiny beaches they have. (including amazing sunset from sunset beach). (beware the dogs on the island though - not very well-trained and may bite if over-excited while retrieving thrown sticks/rocks/etc)
(6) option to stay on island one more night - that was REALLY relaxing!
Initially we thought it would be a hassle to unpack off the boat to go onto any island and we might prefer to stay on a boat for 2 nights. But there is a catch - cos you don't sleep on the island, you have to sail back to Halong City to get customs paperwork done - sounded like a pain. so we're glad we went to the island, and even got one more day there to just relax.
otherwise, the time on the island is really short, just an afternoon and night, and leave after breakfast.
(7) our guide was great - really friendly, great command of english, funny guy, but not in-your-face
Things that may be an issue (but weren't really cos we were too relaxed to mind):
(1) not enough fruit on boat meals - bring own fruit & snacks
(2) have to buy water & other drinks on board (although meals are included)
(3) standard clean cabins, but not luxurious like some other junk boats (eg ginger junk). some of the deckchairs were falling apart
(4) no shade on top deck
(5) only one place to eat on Cat Ong island, but menu range wasn't too bad
If you get confused / overwhelmed by the number of tour operators, just have your list of the things you want, so you can ask them direct questions. they're pretty good though - they'll show you photos of their tours etc, and not be offended when you say "thanks i'll think about it" and go next door to check out the next tour.
Written November 16, 2007
James M
Devizes, UK16 contributions
6
Is Halong bay worth a 1 night luxury cruise?
Jul 2022 • Family
One thing for sure, Halong Bay is beautiful with its breathtaking scenery. However, is it worth the money to take a one night cruise on a luxury cruise? As a family we spent a while debating. The distance from Hanoi is fine - you leave around 8.30 and get to port around 11.30 (after a half hour stop at some Pearl and coffee tourist pitstop) and then take off in a mini boat to take you to your cruise boat - ours had 24 bedrooms. Don’t be disillusioned - yours is not the only boat in the bay! In fact there are loads of other lovely boats in your patch. In peak times we were told that there were 200 cruises in the whole of the unesco area spread over different sections. The smell of diesel fuel is quite overwhelming sometimes.
On board we were directed straight to the buffet which to be fair was quite good (tho not as good for pescatarians). What is hysterical is that it’s a bit bun fight like as the locals literally emptied the serving dish of prawns and clams. So don’t be all British and dilly dally when it comes to choosing what you want.
Then you head to your room and chill on your bed and balcony soaking up the majestic scenery. To be honest this was our favourite bit - it’s all beautiful and simple gorgeous watching the limestone world drift past you.
After that the cruise lines you up for things to do - trip through the caves, swimming, kayaking, fishing, happy hour, karaoke, breakfast, checkout, brunch and it seems like every hour there is an announcement over the tannoy.
In the evening there is a set dinner with about 6/7 courses - way too much food and actually it felt awkward not eating much of it due to fussiness. For me most of the courses were 6 or 7 out of 10 but there were a few courses that really weren’t suited to our pathetic western palates or pescies again. What was weird for us was that our family of 5 were almost the only westerners aboard - we were expecting a different probably more fun vibe on the boat. But obviously this will be different on different days.
The staff are well-trained, remembering your first names throughout. The male manager was very welcoming and spoke really good English. And Tam, the senior host was a delight.
So is it worth it? Our verdict was I hate to say it ‘not really’ (Obviously this is from our point of view so am sure lots of people love it). It’s expensive for one. We could have stayed in a really luxurious spa hotel for 3 nights for the same price. The cruise boats all go to their patch together, all moor together, all pretty much do the same thing, all queue up for the cave trip. It all feels a bit processed. In the evening we looked out and there was loads of litter floating around which was really sad and hopefully can be sorted.
If cruises are your thing - with buffet style food, organising reps and function rooms style hospitality then you will probably love it. The food wasn’t really our bag - too much and all a bit corporate. If you want to go, you might be better to take a day trip or we quite fancied the sea plane for an hour which I was told is a similar price. Or better still Ninh binh.
Written July 10, 2022
Hartdmuth
Fira, Greece185 contributions
4
Stunning and a must!
Dec 2019 • Family
Such a nice experience. Cruising, visiting, having lunch/dinner and best of all, sleeping in this paradise should be a must for all travelers in northern Vietnam. Totally recommended!!
Written December 14, 2019
Tito Satriyo
Salatiga, Indonesia124 contributions
Landscape you'll never forget
Jul 2019 • Solo
It's about 2 hours from old quarter by bus operated by tourist agent (ask for information to the hotel reception how to get there...--》In this case I ask to Jay, manager of Golden Moon hotel), only one day trip and cost about 45 USD/person but you will fullfilling with beutiful scenery you never forget (I recomend 2 days trip with good cruise...I think one day is not enough)
Written August 14, 2019
1
…
28
29
30
Showing results 281-290 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
New York City, NY
65 contributions
transparency report
Hilversum, The Netherlands
270 contributions
Ithaca, NY
151 contributions
London, UK
Perth, Australia
40 contributions
9,403 contributions
Sydney, Australia
132 contributions
Devizes, UK
16 contributions
Fira, Greece
185 contributions
Salatiga, Indonesia
124 contributions
