Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Luxury Sapa B
Sapa, Vietnam4 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Lavela Cruise
Feb 2016 • Family
Thanks Halong Lavela Cruise,we have enjoyed trip to Halong Bay and bai tu long bay.Our family feel happy on it and high appriciate.Although your drinks more higher than usally
Written February 29, 2016
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
gcalvani81
Rome7 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
holangluxurytravel rip off
May 2015 • Couples
There is no doubt Holang bay is a must see in vietnam, magnificent place heaven on earth
i would raccomend anyone to go and visit the bay when ever visiting Vietnam
Although this is not the reason of my post:
we have book through an agency called holangluxurytravel which we though at the beginning to be very professional, we booked and paid for a 2 days 3 night on the glory legend cruise, but unfortunately we didnt get what we where promised and paid for, after we got pick up we realised we board on a different cruise, when we questioned why this they told us they have upgraded us to a better cruise and they have kept the news till last moment as a surprise, now we didnt want to spoil our holiday over the name of a cruise so we sailed and had a great time on our boat
when we got back, we went online and checked the website to find out about our cruise - we noticed there was a difference in price, the glory legend cruise (our original cruise) is more expensive the the pelican cruise (the one we boarded)... all of this is ok so far, but when we emailed the company to question them about the difference in price, all they did is keep telling us that the pelican is a better boat then the glory legend, I cannot speak for that but clearly on their website there is a difference in price, after asking for a refund for the difference in price they totally refused to pay us back the difference in price
After doing some research we have notice that this upgrade as happen quiet often to few people
i would advise not to book with this agency simply due to the fact they will promise something and give you something else, you will end up paying more and get something that is cheaper, we didnt mind to go to a different boat but I definetly wont accept being ripped off, is a matter of principle
that said do go and visit halong bay on a cruise is worth every single penny
Written June 9, 2015
John M
4 contributions
Awefull tour, its a skam
Booked a 60usd 2 day trip at bamboo travel. The girl told me we would have free drinks, a cooking class and a 3 star boat. Nothing was further from the truth.

We had a rude guide, a awefull disgusting boat almost falling apart. The beds were dirty, not cleaned at all. The toilet was dirty poo inside. The dinner was cold. We had to pay for the drinks though we booked free drinks. No swimming and kayaking time, no cookings course. Nothing all of that.
Eveything took long and we had a rude guide not answering questions. We were packed in a small bus for the trip to the bay like sardines. ..
My advise: pay 100 usd per person or don't go at all. People who payed more had a good trip. This was just a skam.
The scenery though was nice. If you don't like touristic places, then skip the tour. The cave is just a normal cave like any other france or austrian cave. Nothing special. .
Written September 16, 2014
felipehavana
Javea, Spain855 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Extremely disappointing indeed, not all it's cracked up to be. Go to Ninh Binh instead.
Feb 2014 • Couples
There are two components to the Halong Bay experience, Halong Bay itself and the company you use while you are there. I have written a seperate review about the company we used; this review is about Halong Bay which is an antithesis to the rest of Vietnam and its lovely people.
Whilst the scenery is stunning the limestone rock formations you see before you even get on the boat are the same that you will see for the whole trip, it really is same, same and the company you go with therefore have to make it interesting.The problem there is that there are only a few ways to do this, most of them man made, and everybody is doing them. The water is badly polluted and many beaches also. Having witnessed the staff on our boat use the bay as a waste disposal facility it is hardly surprising and surely even if they are insensitive to the ecological damage they must be aware that they are gradually killing the goose that lays the golden egg.
If it is essential you go to Halong Bay and that is a matter for some debate as similar limestone formations exist off the coast of Krabi and other places in Thailand while the real alternative is Ninh Binh where the phenomenon is far more spectacular, better value and only two hours from Hanoi, Bai Tu Long Bay is a better option. Whichever of the two you visit my recommendation would be wait until you are in Hanoi to book. Two reasons for this, firstly, given the cost and journey times it is not worth going to Halong Bay if the weather is bad and you won't know this until the day before you go; secondly the costs are much lower than if you book in advance. We booked the night before, paid less than half of what others on our boat paid and even then we felt it was too much. Not one person on our boat or anyone I have spoken to since regrets having visited Halong Bay although none have been massively enthusiastic about the overall experience and many are apathetic about whether they thought it worthwhile. Overall the two day one night trip was not that bad, the cost however and what that money got you made it unacceptable. To have paid half of what we did would have been a fair price and I could have few complaints, however in the end we paid what was by any standards a lot of money for not a particularly good experience. From what I have heard and read this is the norm which is not right. There were people on our boat who as a couple paid over $600 for less than 24 hours floating around polluted, overcrowded water in a grubby little tub being provided (not served) mediocre food by indifferent staff and actually we were with one of the better companies. At some stage in the near future sufficient people are going to start to tell it like it is about Halong Bay and hopefully the flagrant overcharging and profiteering will be curtailed.
I fall into the category of not being unhappy I went but I really do feel that I would not have missed much had I not gone there, especially having been to Ninh Binh. Considering the reviews I read while researching this trip I do get the feeling that it is very much like the Emperors new clothes, everybody wants to see what they think they should and many are reluctant to be realistic.
Written February 25, 2014
Connie W
Edina, MN132 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Half day cruise long enough
Oct 2013 • Couples
We took a half day morning cruise which included a visit to the caves and lunch as part of our Gate 1 tour. There were lots of photo opportunities and the trip to the caves was lovely. We had regretted not having an overnight on the water prior to arriving but felt like this the right amount of time for this visit.
Written October 31, 2013
Irit832
Haifa, Israel31 contributions
Halong Bay - spectacular scenery
Jul 2012 • Couples
We booked a tour of 2 days 1 night to Halong Bay with halongsapa tours com. and it was the highlight of our tour in Vietnam. Ms. Cham and her husband Mr. Tien the owners of this travel agency offer various types of tours in very competitive prices to the bay. We took their advice to spend the night on the boat and it was wonderful.
We were on the Clypso junk and we had a cabin with a very large window. We could lie in bed and enjoy the spectacular scenery of the bay - the limestone hills and the calm emerald sea - through the window.
The food on the junk was excellent and the dishes were served in an artistic way.
The cruise package includes four hours on shuttle bus from and back to Hanoi, caving, a visit to a fishing village and kayaking in beautiful lagoons. We highly recommend to spend the night on the boat; enjoy the sunset on the upper deck while the boat is sailing silently between the limestone rocks and wake up in the morning in the middle of the breathtaking scenery of Halong Bay.
Unfortunately, there is no place in the TripAdvisor to write a review about travel agents, because traveling with a good-professional agency like Halongsapa tour (we booked 4 tours with them) makes all the difference!
Written September 8, 2012
kuleninevi
bucks18 contributions
Halong Bay with Vega Travel
We opted for the 2 day/1 night tour and booked with Vega as it seemed to have god reviews for a reasonable price. We upgraded to the de luxe cabin which was significantly larger than the others and had a balcony. The pick up was very prompt, the journey to Halong Bay tedious with the obligatory stop at a rip off tourist place. We were apprehensive about the boat having read some horrific reviews but we were pleasantly surprised, clean and comfortable. The balcony in our deluxe cabin, however was not a great deal of use, the sun blazed down on it all day making it impossible to sit out on, however keeping the door to it open allowed a draught through. One issue was that, whereas the other cabins had a proper door to the bathroom our room had a shower curtain across, which wasn't great and a real pain was that we were kicked out of the room at 9.30 the next day so it could be cleaned for the next guests so not sure the extra money was worth it for the de luxe cabin. The food on board was very good, one surprise was the very reasonable cost of the drinks, there was no price list so we kept our consumption down and expected the worst which didn't happen. Vega's itenerary is that you have lunch on the second day at a local restaurant rather than mid morning on the boat. The lunch was adequate though the soup was tasteless. One issue with the boat was the lack of sunbeds, 6 workable ones for 13 people. Halong Bay itself was lovely, it wasn't covered in litter as expected nor was it like Piccadilly Circus, though maybe that was just the route followed by Vega. One thing Vega really did get right was the timing of visits, we were the only group in the cave, brilliant and the only group kayaking in the lagoon, beautiful, plus we were the first group up Titop Hill so had that to ourselves, (be very aware of the mosquitoes there, most of us were bitten to death and the guide never mentioned thre might be a problem, in fact when I said he could have told us to put on mosquito spray his reply was 'that's the surprise' - which went down like a lead balloon) We were on the boat for 24 hours, which was as expected, with 2 x 4 hours slow, bumpy transfers, again expected. So although there were some issues, overall the trip was very good and good value for money.
Written July 14, 2012
jellyfur
Glasgow, UK40 contributions
Galaxy Cruises - FANTASTIC tour of Halong Bay
Jun 2012 • Couples
My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 3 day / 2 night cruise on Halong Bay with Galaxy Cruises and cannot recommend them highly enough.
When we got to Hanoi and started researching tour options, we immediately started to feel a little overwhelmed - there was simply so many cruise companies, itinerary's and options to choose from and all with drastically varying prices. Our hotel in Hanoi had several brochures but recommended Galaxy as one of the best options so we booked on their recommendation.
First impressions of Galaxy were good. The tour guide picked us up at our hotel in a nice A/C bus. The journey to Halong City was comfortable and nothing like the experiences other reviewers have commented on with their tour companies.
When we reached the boat I was pleasantly surprised. I wasn't expecting the rooms to look like the pictures in the brochure (they never do) but this was an exception. The rooms were lovely and clean with comfy beds and ocean views. The bathroom was modern and the shower good. The rooms also had A/C and a mini bar. The dining room and main lounging terrace were also nice and overall the boat had a good luxurious feel about it.
The food was outstanding and I mean outstanding! Plenty of fresh seafood (which was usually the star of the show) as well as other traditional Vietnamese chicken, pork and beef dishes. We couldn't believe the amount of food served and we left the cruise about a stone heavier. It was so worth it though as it was delicious!
Now onto Halong Bay itself...
Halong Bay is simply breathtaking and probably for us, the highlight of our time in Vietnam. We were lucky that the weather was good for the duration of our trip which made the scenery all the more beautiful. I'd seen lots of pictures of the bay before visiting but it was nothing compared to the real thing.
Our tour around Halong Bay was great fun too. We kayaked in and around the fishing villages, caves and lagoons, took a small trek up a hill for some amazing views of the bay and relaxed on the beach. We also visited the Pearl farm to cut open some oysters and look for pearls!
Each night when the boat docked we could jump from the boat and have a swim. It's worth noting that Galaxy anchor the boat in a less populated area of the bay where it's better for swimming as the water is cleaner - I saw a few reviews from other cruise companies where people got ill from swallowing some of the water but nobody on our tour had any issues.
Evenings were spent enjoying some drinks and murdering songs on the karaoke or trying in vain to catch some squid at the evening squid fishing.
Our tour guide 'Hoan' (nick name Happy) was lovely and made our trip even more special. He was really friendly and informative not only about Halong Bay, but Vietnam in general. We spend much of our lounging around time chatting to him and learning about Vietnamese customs and traditions.
I'd give Galaxy 10/10. I'd also recommend that you book the 3 day / 2 night cruise. It's a little more expensive but it's worth it as you get so much more time on the bay. Bear in mind that Halong Bay is 4 hours away from Hanoi which eats into your first and last day.
N.B. Galaxy Cruise's website is: http://www.halonggalaxycruise.com for users wishing to view info in advance of reaching Hanoi.
Written June 8, 2012
Katia E
Finland1 contribution
Trash floating everywhere, drug needles on the beaches
Apr 2012 • Family
I would recommend that all tourist boycott Halong Bay until the locals clean their mess. As some of the reviews here state, the water is so polluted it stinks. You do not want to swim there and even kayaking is nasty business as it will take you to a close encounter with all the waste that floats in the water. Plus all the cruises are over priced and do not offer value for money. All the activities are based on water (apart from the mandatory karaoke...) and you definately do not want to go near it.
Halong Bay is the biggest tourist rip-off of Vietnam. It provides livelihood and big money to such a large number of people that if the amount of visitors were to drop dramatically due to a protest movement I'm quite sure they would start cleaning the bay in a hurry.
Written April 21, 2012
n j
Toronto, Canada5 contributions
1
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Dirty, garbage, polution, foul smell
Spent 3 days/2 nights here. The amount of trash in the water is disgusting. The fishing villages dump their trash and human waste directly in the water so it is floating all around you as you kayak around. Forget swimming, the water is too polluted. If you keep your eyes above the water line and see only the limestone then this is a beautiful place, but the smell of the trash and excrement is overwhelming in some spots. The local people and government are doing nothing to stop this polluting and it is just getting worse.
Written April 16, 2012
…
21
22
23
Showing results 211-220 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Sapa, Vietnam
transparency report
Rome
7 contributions
Javea, Spain
855 contributions
Edina, MN
132 contributions
Haifa, Israel
31 contributions
bucks
18 contributions
Glasgow, UK
40 contributions
Finland
1 contribution
Toronto, Canada
5 contributions
