Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,366)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,750
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Carol S
Adelaide, Australia4 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay with Galaxy Cruises
Aug 2011 • Couples
My boyfriend and I did a 1 night 2 day cruise with Galaxy Cruises and it was absolutely amazing, everything from our guide Nam (highly recommend requesting a cruise with Nam), to the boat to the food, to the actual attraction of Halong Bay. It such a gorgeous place and no trip to Vietnam is complete without it. Highly recommend Halong Bay and highly recommend doing it with Galaxy Cruises
Written September 10, 2011
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
toneatron
Melbourne, Australia1 contribution
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Luxury Sapphire Sail is anything but luxurious. Old boat, dirty room, rude staff and lousy food.
Apr 2011
Our "Halong Luxury Sapphire Sail" trip began with the tour guide arriving 45 minutes late to our hotel and angrily telling us that it was our fault because we had given the wrong hotel name. Which of course was not true. Upon boarding the minibus we discovered that all of the seats were taken, so extra child size seats were folded out into the aisle for us - two rows apart. We had to endure 3 hours of incredibly uncomfortable seats, separated by two rows so that we didn't even have the option to chat.

When we arrived, we were herded toward the wharf, being told to 'hurry, hurry'. Halfway down the wharf we stopped and stood for 10 minutes, all holding our luggage. Onto the boat and the group were again told to hurry on and to leave our luggage unguarded at the wharf end of the boat, only to have a 15 minute wait with no direction apart from that we were not to move around the boat or onto the upper deck.
We sat in awkward silence.
Eventually we were told to enter the dining hall for lunch. We had all been pushed to sit down so quickly that partners and friends found themselves separated and a game of musical chairs followed. We were each served with a third of a small glass of warm juice and then a haphazard mess of dishes were placed on the table with no serving utensils. Individually the dishes were OK, but there was not enough of any particular dish to go around so some missed out. Of course there was plenty of rice and soy to flavor the rice with so we didn't go hungry.
We were unceremoniously handed our room keys at which point we assumed that meant we were to find our rooms. The cabins were all identical, which was rather a shame as we had paid an extra $16US for a room upgrade. The room initially appeared to be neat and clean, but on further inspection I discovered that the bedside table drawer was full of sand and cigarette butts and underneath the bed had obviously not been attended to in quite some time. A handle hung off our wardrobe and we had been provided with a quarter roll of sandpaper, sorry, toilet paper that had been left by a previous guest. And the bed was a block of wood with a sheet on it that sloped down toward the head so that we had to sleep on it with our heads at the foot.
We were served another hodgepodge lunch and then told that we would be visiting "The Caves". We were herded through the beautiful sandstone caves in record time with our guide walking behind and demanding that we hurry. It was quite a climb up and down hundreds of stairs and I felt quite sorry for the older guests who should really have been able to take the climb at their own pace. There was a snack bar at the end of the walk over which our guide stood guard, making sure that we didn't buy anything that wasn't from the boat.
We moved along and were told that we had the option of Kayaking or swimming. As we were on a three day tour we elected to swim and watched the other guests go off Kayaking. I decided to take the opportunity while 'The Boss' (as I came to call him) had his back turned to make some purchases from one of the boats full of snacks and drinks that had moored next to our junk. I tried to leave the boat and discovered that they had let the Kayaking people off and then put the ladder back up so that we had to jump onto another boat and then climb down a tyre to reach the dock. My girlfriend bruised her leg quite badly attempting to climb back up. 7000 dong for a can of coke compared to 40,000 dong on the boat! No wonder they didn't want us getting off!
On that subject, beer was 40,000 dong (compared to 10,000 anywhere else). And of course no water was provided and only small bottles were available. At EIGHT times the normal price!
Twenty minutes later, still having not been told when or where we would be swimming, the boat simply left the dock. Luckily I was in my room or I would have been left behind, as they had not bothered with a head count. We moved on to the spot where we would spend the night. With no swimming :(
Dinner was another haphazard mixture of not quite enough of everything, a weird mix of western dishes done badly and Vietnamese dishes done badly. After dinner we were left to our own devices and fairly soon realised the the promised Karaoke was another laugh on us. Also, the top deck only had nine individual lounges for 30 people, and we were not allowed into the dining room when we were not being served a meal. So many of the guests simply had to sit on the deck.
In the morning we set sail and got to enjoy the only good thing about the trip - the natural beauty of Halong Bay.
My girlfriend felt quite ill in the morning so we decided to skip breakfast. 'The Boss' was not impressed. He repeatedly rang our doorbell and banged on our door every 5 or so minutes from 7 to 7:30, refusing to accept that we weren't interested in breakfast. When I finally gave in and opened the door it was to tell him that we did not want to continue with the trip. Passengers were transferred to a 'Day Boat' while the main boat returned to Halong City to drop off one night passengers and pick up more hapless victims, so we at least had a way out. Before he would let us off the boat he made me sign a hand written note stating that we were leaving the tour without any complaint. He became quite angry when I asked to be returned to Hanoi on the tour bus but eventually gave in. Other guests were dropped at their hotel doors. We were dropped two blocks away in the middle of a busy road.
Altogether a terrible waste of $108 US per person for an awful two days. This is NOT a luxury trip. I have been consistently impressed by the quality of service and the quality and freshness of food in Vietnam.
The street vendors can get it right, why can't they?
Written April 14, 2011
VellaMalta
Naxxar, Malta10 contributions
Lessons to be learnt - cruising Halong Bay
How do you go about choosing the right cruise on Halong Bay? Everything depends on your budget.
If you have the serious cash, go for the 2/3 night cruises on Emeraude or Indochine for a serious cruise of the karsts.
If you are there for just one day, you will get what everyone is selling inside shops, Sinh cafes, and hotels: a four-hour 'cruise' aboard one of the junks at the Bai Chair tourist dock for something like $100. You might get shown a Baitulong brochure but that is not what you are getting - if you want the Baitulong cruise, go to the Baituilong office on Nguyen Hue Huan street, in Hanoi and get it sorted there. Ask them whether you will be cruising on the same boat they show you in the picture, or on a different one.
Otherwise, you will get a four hour journey where you sail past the first set of karsts, stop off in a bay surrounding by karsts to sample local seafood from one of the floating fish vendors (you can buy your own and get the ship's chef to cook for you), have lunch there, kayak inside a sheltered bay, then shipped off past some karsts to a the Cave of Surprises where you walk for an hour inside large caves with magnificent stalactite formations (all lit up)... and then sail back. We paid $40 (2 pax) - ideal if you are on a tight budget.
This is of course not cruising the karsts. Spending four hours cruising the karsts if far more exciting if you can get this done. What I'd do different is leave Hanoi, go to Halong Bay by bus, book myself a cheap room for the night in a hotel just outside the Bai Chay tourist dock, and then go down to Bai Chay and get myself a tailored trip. I'm sure it can be done.
Written April 21, 2010
Inspiration38041
Perth, Western Australia1 contribution
Halong Bay Tour
During November 2005 we booked a tour with your company to Halong Bay from Hanoi. From the start we were crammed into a late arriving small mini bus and rudly advised by a male student allegedly studying tourism that the time it would take to reach Halong Bay, which was completely different from what the booking agent had previously told us.
After travelling 5 hours from Hanoi we arrived in Halong Bay, disembarked from the unsafe over crowded mini bus only to be told to wait for a boat to be arranged to take us on our already booked tour.
After being shuffled around the dock area for approximately 1 hour we were finally hearded up an unsafe gang plank to a boat for the start of our tour.
We were advised when booking the tour, for $22USD, that everything was included from being picked up from our hotel at the start of tour to being dropped off back at our hotel after completion of the tour and that we could even snorkell and swim as part of that tour, but when we were being served a small substandard meal on board the boat, we were told we needed to pay for drinks as well as an extra small boat tour through some nearby caves.
When we eventually started our tour of the caves on foot after lunch, we found the female tour guide to be rushing us through the caves leaving our group behind with no explanation as to what certain markings ment within the caves and disinterested in the tour group.
During our return trip to Hanoi, on the overloaded mini bus, we discovered that every person on the tour had paid a different amount for their tour ranging from $20USD to $35USD, we were then rudly told we were not going to be dropped at our hotels, as previously advised by the booking agent, but at the water puppet theatre. Discracefull.
Written December 9, 2005
MediocrityPhobic
Knysna, South Africa69 contributions
5
Felt ripped-off
Apr 2019 • Family
We were so looking forward to some much needed down-time during our trip to Vietnam therefore we did not flinch to pay the premium to board a boat for an overnight trip to Halong Bay. Gauging from the pics I expected to get there and gasp in awe at the beauty of the place but to my disappointment it was no different to sitting in the comfort of my home and flipping through pics. The water is polluted therefore we skipped the swimming experience. We opted for one of the newer and more expensive boats. The hospitality was amateur, the comfort level of the cabins awful, the cleanliness questionable. Do not waste your time and money visiting this tourist scam area!
Written April 26, 2019
Wheres_Wando
Sydney, Australia72 contributions
So polluted and disgusting
Mar 2016 • Couples
Do yourself a favour and spend your money elsewhere. I had always wanted to go to Halong Bay and I was very disappointed when we went for our wedding anniversary.
The water is so polluted and so much rubbish is floating through the water. There is no protection of this area. The shallow water shows you all the algae and damage to the area. So gross and I couldn't believe I wasted so much money to come on a cruise here.
Written June 5, 2016
WineloverMelbourne
Melbourne, Australia329 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Huong Hai Junk - Camping on water
Apr 2015 • Couples
I had high expectations after reading the reviews about Huong Hai Junk's. I expected luxury accommodation and exceptional food. The reality is, the boat is old (Huong Hai 16) and looks old. The cabins are small, the bed is against on wall and the person on that side of the bed has to crawl over the bed to get out. The bathroom is compact, I guess you expect that on a boat but if you want a shower whilst sitting on the toilet then this is ideal. The food was generally ordinary, with the exception of the welcoming seafood lunch the rest of the meals were western and not very good western. Why not have good Vietnamise food? We are in Vietnam after all.
All drinks are charged for, water, tea, coffee, beer and wine. We were warned before hand about the wine so we brought our own, the cost of the wine on board was around $35USD for the cheapest. As it was they charged us $7 USD corkage for our own wine. Beer was 60,000 dong. About 4 times the cost from a local shop. I guess when you are a captive audience they can charge whatever they like. Following the advice of previous reviewers we booked 2 nights, on reflection one was ample. The scenery and the tour was good, our only regret was we used this company. I feel let down that a once in a lifetime trip to Halong bay was spoilt by a sub-standard boat and ordinary food.
Written May 22, 2015
Cara S
Columbia, MO13 contributions
DO NOT BOOK WITH APT Travel.
Mar 2015 • Friends
First, Halong Bay is beautiful. The rocks, landscape and scenery is simply stunning. The bay itself is quite trashy and dirty. Luckily it was too cold to swim, because I would not have wanted to get in the water give its dirty state.
We booked a 3 day/2 night cruise for $130. This was quite high for Vietnam, so we were expecting something a lot better than what we actually got. The boat itself was a bit sketchy but the rooms were nice. the first day went okay with great scenery, and a visit to the caves and kayaking. It ended with a forced "dance party" with a few hours of free beer, where one of the guides made up a drinking game that involved making out with him - which was beyond sketchy. The next morning we were immediately told to pack our things, but not told we had an event at 9am, meaning the boat nearly left part of my party behind because no times were discussed. After coming back from the oyster farm, we basically sat around until another boat came that was supposed to transport us to the "island" we were staying for the night.
The boat arrived, we picked up some new people, lost a few of the people on our boat, and headed to a national park. Before we arrived we were told bikes for the park were $5 USD, which we paid prior to leaving the boat, but I did not see our guide - Frank - pay anyone, leading the entire boat to believe he pocketed the money. Before we left the boat Frank told us to take our valuables with us, which most people did. We then spent about two hours in the park, and when we returned all of our bags had been searched through.
While we were biking the park, the crew went through all of our bags and STOLE MONEY. The bags looked like they had been ransacked and money had been removed from places people had "stashed" some of their money (so they weren't carrying it all on themselves). Frank then said that it didn't happen and that we must have lost the money.
We we finally arrived at the island, after the bag-searching fight, we were then taken to our "bungalows" which happened to be "full" therefore we were told to stay in a 30-person dorm. This was exactly the opposite of what we had been told, since we were expecting a private room. After nearly two hours of fighting with Frank, we finally got some of the money back, and moved to a hotel with single rooms. The hotel was bad, but better than the dorm for sure.
After this event, our tour guide Frank, became extremely hostile and yelled at us nearly every time we interacted. It was a quick 180 and an unwelcome change in his personality, especially since we were forced to spend time with him on the boat. I wish he could have been consistently nice and supportive throughout the event rather than getting hostile for no apparent reason (even prior to the money-stealing incident).
Overall, this company is no good. They are not the "booking" agents, but rather the group that implements the bookings, meaning they have basically no idea what you were "promised" when you booked. I do recommend seeing Halong since it is very beautiful and the scenery is unparalleled, but I do not recommend this company, or taking part in the two night program. If you can, avoid the cave and ask to head to the national park instead.
My only recommendation is that you be careful when booking, to make sure you are working with a legitimate company who can act on what they promised when you booked and paid.
Written April 3, 2015
Mark
Copenhagen, Denmark38 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay - how to buy tickets
Halong Bay is beautiful and awesome. A must see when visiting North Vietnam. It's also a big time moneymachine with lots of scam.
Below is some bulletpoints info that might help you to select tour and prize without prebooking.
1. Same programme, same rute and same overnight stay points on Halong Bay for all companies regardless of the star rating (1 to 5)
2. All cataloque pics of cruiseships are taken when the ship was built and do not reflect the real thing.
3. There are 10 ticket offices in Hanoi for every 1 cruiseship (500+) that have licence to Halong Bay. Most of the sinh cafe travel offices closes around 20:00 - the hotels are 24/7.
4. All ticket offices or hotels gives instantly 25% off the cataloque prize just to lure you in. From here it's up to you to bargain it lower down. 50% seems to be lowest they will accept. (will take some time and skills)
5. Budget are 40-100$/pax
Midrange are 100-150$/pax
Luxury from 150$+/pax
6. Tickets salesman will always tell you it's the last room to put pressure on you - NOT true!!! there are always another cruise ready to take you on until the last hour before departure.
7. The nextdoor ticket offices (or hotel) always knocks another 10% off your bargained prize just to get you to purchase at his place instead.
8. All cruises serves good and plenty of food and makes money on drinks and tips. You can bring your own water and snack, but not softdrinks and beverages.
9. If you ask about the boat age, they will give the date it was bought from another company and not the date it was launch.
10. Lot of tour companies change names - making it difficult to do research on trip advisor or web.
11. Most people do 3days/2nights as the 2days/1night programme is very tight with multible 1 hour activities.
12. Cooking classes is rolling a fresh spring roll on the way back.
13. Everything outside the beaten path can be purchased.
14. Be prepared for a lot of other tourists.
15. If you corner a salesman in a lie he will suddenly no longer understand you or anything else and you will get stock.
Good luck and enjoy it when you get there - it's amazing place.
Written March 10, 2015
dcgiuk
Norwich, UK48 contributions
Scam city, this place is a hole
We decided not to get on a tour but get a bus to Bai Chay and from the moment we got on the bus it didn't feel right.
The guy who was a tour guide on the bus looked off like he was either on drugs, extremely tired or drunk, very strange his words were slurred and there was something just off about it.
The bus was slow, sometimes ridiculously slow, at times knowing I could get out and cycle faster. This is done on purpose so that when you arrive they can apologise that you cannot do what you thought you were able to do, twice on the bus a Spanish guy from the group got up and complained to the tour guide about this scam.
We had not been off the bus for more than 10 seconds and a lady tout approached us and seem to know we were not on a tour, how she knew we don't know, maybe we were pointed out, we hadn't moved from the large group. She followed us to the counter where you can buy your own tickets, the ladies behind the counters seemed reluctant to sell us anything, presumably because she was with us and there is now we understand a Mafia-like culture here and it starts from the moment you purchase your tour in Hanoi.
So we went across the road to eat some dinner and done some research and quickly concluded we were going to be ripped off or at least wondering when it was going to happen. Stories about going to Cat Ba island, hitting the north end and being stranded from public transport save for some men motorbikes drastically overcharging did nothing to quash our fears of this place.
Bai Chay has some very odd characters in it, odd behaviour and nothing reassuring, easily the weirdest and worst place we've been to in our so far 8 month tour. My fiancée hit the spot when she said "this feels like a typical border-town", people who only see you as a wallet from which they need to try and empty. We didn't have anything like this feeling in Hanoi and hopefully not in the rest of Vietnam, for sure most people like this country so I think it's just this awful place.
I wish we'd have done more research; being a number 1 attraction and a UNESCO site no less we just figured on going there and navigating ourselves. It must be great right? Wrong.
I think we just saved ourselves a lot of money and stress. Do your research and figure out whether just because it's a world wonder, no. 1 on TripAdvisor and a UNESCO site that you should go or whether that actually this place has been ruined by greed and scamming.
We knew it was going to be hazy but we arrived here and could hardly see anything for sure January is not the time to visit this place.
UNESCO should also re-evaluate whether this place should be given such status, an awful place with awful people.
We're now waiting for a bus out of here, by now we've no faith that the man we talked to has arranged a bus for us or not, 4pm, 7 minutes to go, keep your fingers crossed we don't have to spend the night here!
Written January 23, 2015
1
…
22
23
24
Showing results 221-230 of 7,412
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Melbourne, Australia
1 contribution
Naxxar, Malta
Perth, Western Australia
Knysna, South Africa
69 contributions
Sydney, Australia
72 contributions
329 contributions
Columbia, MO
13 contributions
Copenhagen, Denmark
38 contributions
Norwich, UK
48 contributions
