Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsRomantic Hotels in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Romantic Hotels
View map
Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Romantic
Budget
Mid-range
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
175 of 2600 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Best Seller
1. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,042 reviews
#1 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Ariane
"Pleasant lemongrass fragrance throughout the hotel especially in the lobby, makes Haian, very unique and special. GRO Tina using watsapp to reach out to guests is indeed very hospitable and heart warming."
2. Furama Resort Danang
Resort
5,327 reviews
#2 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By 동언 김
"Have nice swim pool this hotel 😄💕 And retaurants also good, so many menu in breakfast and clean. Especially, the night view of this resort is fantastic. I am grateful this resort it was a special trip to Da Nang."
Top Rated
3. Monarque Hotel
3,032 reviews
#3 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By amyrinco
"We debated packing up our things but glad we did since the views were beautiful, even from the 3rd floor. The location is excellent, directly across the street from the beach."
4. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#4 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Tim B
"Stayed here for 4 nights with my girlfriend. I informed the hotel prior to arrival it was a special occasion for the two of us and they made the room special with a honeymoon cake and rose petals."
5. Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
662 reviews
#5 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Matt Giles
"The pool is an exceptional infinity pool over looking the city and sea. . The fiber optics grass blowing above the bar gives an excellent atmosphere in the pool bar at night."
6. Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,006 reviews
#6 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Phan P
"It's great to come back here, a city worth living in Vietnam. This time I stayed at Muong Thanh luxury Danang hotel, the view here was amazing. Especially the Rooftop bar, here you can see the whole city."
7. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
902 reviews
#7 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By AaStra
"Spacious rooms and the best part was its oceanfront view balconies. Amazing buffet breakfast in sea facing restaurant and a very peaceful rooftop bar made our mornings and evenings extremely memorable."
Visit hotel website
2023
8. Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
1,376 reviews
#8 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By ชุตินธร ภ
"We would recommend to visit and take a rest at this hotel. This place is so warmyyy and cozyyyyyy , We vey love love it so much and also there are the very nice service team 24/7. Loveeeeeeee and see you later"
All Inclusive
9. Brilliant Hotel
3,276 reviews
#9 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By 광모 정
"very kind. good view. breakfast good. room was nice view and clean , . all most perfect , the location so good and very comfortable ! nice hotel. Nani very hansome. Nani very kind , we will come back next time ,"
10. Hilton Da Nang
1,415 reviews
#10 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Clifton G
"We were visiting as part of our honeymoon trip and Amber set us up an amazing cake!! It really made both of us feel special and appreciated! Would definitely stay again if I visit Da Nang."
11. DLG Hotel Danang
639 reviews
#11 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Stranger
"I’ve had an amazing wedding anniversary trip at DLG hotel Danang. They surprised us with the best service by offering free cake and nice bed set up as hotel standard to celebrate our trip."
12. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
943 reviews
#12 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Kraisan C
"I stayed in The honeymoon suite to celebrate our anniversary. The room is amazingly wonderful while the furniture is so comfortable. It is luxurious, spacious, and well maintained."
13. Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,444 reviews
#13 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By 2kingshuk
"Amazing room and location with views to die for ! Superb service from the front desk , a rooftop swimming pool + bar , kids club , library and everything which you can ask for two make your holiday a charming one ."
14. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,464 reviews
#14 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Jay Chung
"What a fantastic way to culminate our vacation in Da Nang. We couldn’t have asked better finish to our vacation here. We were upgraded to an oceanfront suite, and the view was amazing."
15. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,080 reviews
#15 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Tammy A
"The rooms - we had one with a sea view was fabulous! Huge comfortable bed, great view of the coastline to watch and absorb the atmosphere. Rooms spacious, great bathrooms and CLEAN!!"
16. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#16 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Leigh S
"My Le wife and I had a wonderful 7 night stay in a Sunlit Suite in Feb ‘23. The accomodation, location, facilities and food (Vietnamese and Western menu) are first rate, and it’s serenely quiet!!"
17. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,231 reviews
#17 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Meander257972
"From the moment you arrive, you're greeted with stunning views of the ocean, surrounded by lush tropical gardens. The resort is a picture-perfect blend of modern luxury and traditional Vietnamese charm."
18. Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,810 reviews
#18 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Huy Thuong Nguyen
"My girlfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in the Executive suite and were amazed by what Stella Maris Beach Danang offered. Incredible views from our room with panoramic glass walls."
19. Mercure Danang French Village Bana Hills
1,706 reviews
#19 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Phương Mai T
"Rooms are cute, old pallette. Old and vintage castles, vibe, French style. Love the cool air here, feel like standing in yhe middle of the cloud, also a princess in a castle."
20. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,958 reviews
#20 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Aivi tran
"The staff made us feel very welcomed and made our honeymoon very special. The receptionist, Tan, went out of her way to making our honeymoon special by surprising us with a cake in our hotel."
21. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,829 reviews
#21 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Robin_Tyson7
"Melia Danang Beach Resort was a truly magical experience. The breathtaking location, exquisite landscaping, and excellent service combined to make us feel like we had stumbled into Shangri-La!"
22. Paris Deli Hotel
2,344 reviews
#22 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Yomi
"We had a wonderful honeymoon memory here, they prepared very thoughtfully from the room to the cake and greeting cards. The room facing sea, making the atmosphere more romantic."
23. Wink Hotel Danang Centre
527 reviews
#23 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Trinh M
"We has warming meeting with my friends at Wink last night . Such a beautiful view with dragon bridge, Han bridge as well . It’s very lucky 🍀 with us during dinner last night ."
24. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#24 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Robin O
"My husband and I splurged a bit on this and it was so worth it. We were in the middle of our trip and this was exactly what we needed. The resort is so beautiful, the staff are sooo attentive and helpful."
25. Altara Suites
601 reviews
#25 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Roy T
"The hotel is so beautiful so close to the beaches and the room is so nice with a spectacular view of Da Nang . The breakfast place is good and the swimming pool is very lovely ."
26. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
#26 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Jay C
"Da Nang is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing and the Marriott Resort Danang was the perfect choice for the visit. Excellent staff, wonderful rooms, delightful pools and stretch of beach."
27. Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
236 reviews
#27 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Sasha A
"He was really courteous and went out of his way to make sure we had a great room which offered both the sea view and a balcony. The stay was very comfortable and had a fitting end to our special visit."
28. Fivitel Da Nang Hotel
691 reviews
#28 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Mohammed
"The room we stayed in had a stunning river view, which made our stay even more enjoyable. It was great to wake up to such a beautiful view every morning and watch the sunset in the evenings."
29. Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
392 reviews
#29 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Gage
"Very nice rooms and a great staff - Jenny, Andrew, and Cindy were super nice and helpful and made our stay very pleasant! By far our favorite stay between our stops in Vancouver, Seoul, Saigon, Danang, and Hanoi!"
30. Minh Boutique
270 reviews
#30 Best Value of 175 Romantic Hotels in Da Nang
By Joshua
"A beautiful hotel, with very friendly staff, a clean and organised room, well suited to couples but not limited to by any means, . It also has an amazing koi pond feature and plenty of surrounding greenery."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Da Nang Hotels Information
Hotels in Da Nang
175
Hotels Prices From
$11
Hotels Reviews
106,217
Hotels Photos
109,908
Frequently Asked Questions about Da Nang hotels
What are the best romantic hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any romantic hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which romantic hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best romantic hotels in Da Nang?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
Which romantic hotels in Da Nang allow pets?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
175 of 2600
Ariane
동언 김
amyrinco
Tim B
Stayed here for 4 nights with my girlfriend. I informed the hotel prior to arrival it was a special occasion for the two of us and they made the room special with a honeymoon cake and rose petals.
Stayed here for 4 nights with my girlfriend. I informed the hotel prior to arrival it was a special occasion for the two of us and they made the room special with a
honeymoon
cake and rose petals.
Matt Giles
Phan P
AaStra
ชุตินธร ภ
광모 정
Clifton G
We were visiting as part of our honeymoon trip and Amber set us up an amazing cake!! It really made both of us feel special and appreciated! Would definitely stay again if I visit Da Nang.
We were visiting as part of our
trip and Amber set us up an amazing cake!! It really made both of us feel special and appreciated! Would definitely stay again if I visit Da Nang.
Stranger
Kraisan C
I stayed in The honeymoon suite to celebrate our anniversary. The room is amazingly wonderful while the furniture is so comfortable. It is luxurious, spacious, and well maintained.
I stayed in The
suite to celebrate our anniversary. The room is amazingly wonderful while the furniture is so comfortable. It is luxurious, spacious, and well maintained.
2kingshuk
Jay Chung
Tammy A
Leigh S
Meander257972
Huy Thuong Nguyen
Phương Mai T
Aivi tran
The staff made us feel very welcomed and made our honeymoon very special. The receptionist, Tan, went out of her way to making our honeymoon special by surprising us with a cake in our hotel.
The staff made us feel very welcomed and made our
very special. The receptionist, Tan, went out of her way to making our
special by surprising us with a cake in our hotel.
Robin_Tyson7
Yomi
We had a wonderful honeymoon memory here, they prepared very thoughtfully from the room to the cake and greeting cards. The room facing sea, making the atmosphere more romantic.
We had a wonderful
memory here, they prepared very thoughtfully from the room to the cake and greeting cards. The room facing sea, making the atmosphere more
romantic
.
Trinh M
Robin O
Roy T
Jay C
Sasha A
Mohammed
Gage
Joshua
A beautiful hotel, with very friendly staff, a clean and organised room, well suited to couples but not limited to by any means, . It also has an amazing koi pond feature and plenty of surrounding greenery.
A beautiful hotel, with very friendly staff, a clean and organised room, well suited to
couples
but not limited to by any means, . It also has an amazing koi pond feature and plenty of surrounding greenery.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
