Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Vietnam
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamVietnam HotelsVietnam Hotels with a Pool
THE 10 BEST Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
View map
Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Ho Chi Minh City Hotels with Pools
Hanoi Hotels with Pools
Da Lat Hotels with Pools
Da Nang Hotels with Pools
Nha Trang Hotels with Pools
Hoi An Hotels with Pools
Vung Tau Hotels with Pools
Phu Quoc Island Hotels with Pools
Hai Phong Hotels with Pools
Hue Hotels with Pools
Sapa Hotels with Pools
Quy Nhon Hotels with Pools
Phan Thiet Hotels with Pools
Halong Bay Hotels with Pools
Can Tho Hotels with Pools
Ha Long Hotels with Pools
Phu Huu Hotels with Pools
Cat Ba Hotels with Pools
Ninh Binh Hotels with Pools
Duong Dong Hotels with Pools
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Hostels
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Pool
Free Wifi
Free parking
Distance from
25 mi
War Remnants Museum
Vietnam Adventure Tours
Old Quarter
Hoi An Ancient Town
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Show more
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
VBA Hospitality Group
Silverland Hotels & Spas
1097 of 3015 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
2023
1. Havana Nha Trang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2,650 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Companion32995998197
"the hotel lokks so good :) I came here at the first time and I felt so exiciting about this hotel i like to enjoy sauna, swimming pool and other facilities I believe this hotel is best in Nha Trang"
Top Rated
2. La Siesta Hoi An Resort & Spa
Resort
6,370 reviews
#2 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By MarkSzymko
"A superb resort, the pools are amazing, staff service top-notch and food options outstanding. The view from the infinity pool across the paddy fields (before swimming to the bar) was something else."
Best Seller
3. RiverTown Hoi An Resort & Spa
4,010 reviews
#3 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Yuri
"The swimming pool was good in size and had enough depth to enjoy swimming for adults. There are enough pool chairs and parasols for guests so we could have a relaxing time around the pool having refreshing drinks."
Visit hotel website
4. The Oriental Jade Hotel
2,748 reviews
#4 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Tour38763688845
"In the roof top swimming pool, you can see the landmark lake. In the roof top swimming pool, I was laying on the sunbed, listening to my music, and enjoyed nice view and breeze."
5. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
3,040 reviews
#5 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Liu G
"Swimming pool all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile"
6. Furama Resort Danang
5,326 reviews
#6 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Adventure66963122917
"And the main pool is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the pool villa again next time I come to Da Nang."
7. Au Lac Charner Hotel
1,986 reviews
#7 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Sab R
"On the top floor there is a swimming pool as well as a Spa and a nice room with afternoon tea, coffee and sweet and savory snacks. We did not use the swimming pool because it was a little bit overcrowded."
8. La Siesta Premium Sai Gon
643 reviews
#8 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Sorcha N
"The staff are so friendly and helpful, our room was beautiful and the amenities are wonderful. Being able to have a lovely breakfast and then lounge by the pool with a great view of HCMC on the rooftop was fantastic."
9. AIRA Boutique Hanoi Hotel & Spa
3,465 reviews
#9 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Feddy112
"Let’s not forget the amazing pool! I’m a hoe for a good infinity pool and the Aira does not miss with theirs. The pool is quite intimate, but we never had issues with the other guests."
10. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#10 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Chris T
"Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the pool, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the pool towel."
All Inclusive
11. Brilliant Hotel
3,276 reviews
#11 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By 義雄 沢
"The hotel's swimming pool is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service."
12. Monarque Hotel
3,029 reviews
#12 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Damon Luu
"Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor pool, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest."
13. The Anam Cam Ranh
1,443 reviews
#13 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By NatNat1971
"Our pool villa was well spaced and provided the right atmosphere for relaxation. The views of the ocean combined with the amenities such as our private pool were unforgettable."
14. Signature By M Village Le Thanh Ton
142 reviews
#14 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By frances s
"Our international flight wasn’t until late in the evening, and the staff kept our bags and even kindly let us use the shower facilities in the gym and pool level to freshen up before and 8 hour flight."
15. Vinpearl Resort Nha Trang
2,754 reviews
#15 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Petr P
"Great swimming pool and gym. The only thing is that it is not allowed to swim in the sea after 7:00PM, and the swimming pool is closed same time."
16. Amiana Resort Nha Trang
2,507 reviews
#16 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Shelley S
"It boasts three gorgeous pools, an infinity pool that looks out into the sea, a big splashy pool and a smaller intimate one for adults only placed strategically near an amazing bar that knows how to mix a cocktail."
17. La Vela Saigon Hotel
1,391 reviews
#17 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Fearless15390041026
"Definitely they have a great swimming pool with kinda panorama city view. Even though there could be many people but it doesn’t bother you since their pool is wide and spacious enough."
18. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,461 reviews
#18 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Jtung74
"Before I checked in I was told that the Club Pool and the Fitness pool are both adult only. However the club pool is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around."
19. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Nha Trang Bay
3,475 reviews
#19 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By MS K
"It was really good time in here and services were nice, too! Facilities were really good and enjoyed lots of stuffs like pools, Vinwonders, etc."
20. Au Lac Legend Hotel
818 reviews
#20 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Ahn
"- Kind staff . - Friendly and helpful bellboy. - Good breakfast. - Including welcome drink. - has pool on the top floor. ** If you want to stay SAIGON, this hotel is very attractive!"
21. Bel Marina Hoi An Resort
4,458 reviews
#21 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Minhchau tran
"The infinity pool on the roof top is a bonus. I love to watch the sunset over the infinite pool. They also have another infinity pool on the ground level have kid section which is great for those who has kids."
22. Almanity Hoi An Resort & Spa
2,623 reviews
#22 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Christian H
"Danh, the lifeguard by the pool, was great. Every time you passed by him and the other staff at breakfast or around the pool, they always greeted you with the biggest smile."
23. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
809 reviews
#23 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By 용원 정
"The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The swimming pool was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market."
24. Regalia Gold Hotel
202 reviews
#24 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By G M
"Majestic hall, spacious and ultra-comfortable rooms, infinity pool on the 40th floor next to the rooftop bar with a breathtaking view of the superb bay of Nha Trang and its region."
25. Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang
1,275 reviews
#25 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Ming C
"My family love to stay in the hotel with a clean and big swimming pool. We have choose the ocean front villa, the room is comfortable with a private small swimming pool, but the water is quite cold."
26. Mia Resort Nha Trang
1,919 reviews
#26 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By ianx17489
"Our room was close to the "Kitchen by the Sea" and the main pool, which I would recommend as it was convenient going to and from the pool and restaurant without the need to use the buggy service."
27. Lotte Hotel Hanoi
2,485 reviews
#27 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By ikj
"- I'm tempted to keep this to myself, but the indoor pool was surprisingly great. More often than not, it was like having a personal pool, either completely vacant or sparsely occupied."
28. Satya Danang Hotel
376 reviews
#28 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Vacation32130266901
"There locate was so good to use there.Very friendly and the water of facility was so nice."
29. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#29 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By Phil N
"He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main swimming pool and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals."
30. Seaesta Hotel Nha Trang
72 reviews
#30 Best Value of 1097 Vietnam Hotels with a Pool
By daniel gordon
"Swimming pool on the top floor with an amazing view, hotel staff are always ready to help in solving any problems."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Vietnam Hotels Information
Hotels in Vietnam
1,100
Hotels Prices From
$14
Hotels Reviews
655,197
Hotels Photos
711,640
Frequently Asked Questions about Vietnam hotels
What is the price for hotels with a pool in Vietnam?

$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1097 of 3015
Companion32995998197
the hotel lokks so good :) I came here at the first time and I felt so exiciting about this hotel i like to enjoy sauna, swimming pool and other facilities I believe this hotel is best in Nha Trang
the hotel lokks so good :) I came here at the first time and I felt so exiciting about this hotel i like to enjoy sauna,
swimming pool
and other facilities I believe this hotel is best in Nha Trang
MarkSzymko
A superb resort, the pools are amazing, staff service top-notch and food options outstanding. The view from the infinity pool across the paddy fields (before swimming to the bar) was something else.
A superb resort, the pools are amazing, staff service top-notch and food options outstanding. The view from the
infinity pool
across the paddy fields (before swimming to the bar) was something else.
Yuri
The swimming pool was good in size and had enough depth to enjoy swimming for adults. There are enough pool chairs and parasols for guests so we could have a relaxing time around the pool having refreshing drinks.
The
was good in size and had enough depth to enjoy swimming for adults. There are enough
pool
chairs and parasols for guests so we could have a relaxing time around the
having refreshing drinks.
Tour38763688845
In the roof top swimming pool, you can see the landmark lake. In the roof top swimming pool, I was laying on the sunbed, listening to my music, and enjoyed nice view and breeze.
In the roof top
, you can see the landmark lake. In the roof top
, I was laying on the sunbed, listening to my music, and enjoyed nice view and breeze.
Liu G
Swimming pool all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile
Swimming pool
all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile
Adventure66963122917
And the main pool is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the pool villa again next time I come to Da Nang.
And the main
is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the
villa again next time I come to Da Nang.
Sab R
On the top floor there is a swimming pool as well as a Spa and a nice room with afternoon tea, coffee and sweet and savory snacks. We did not use the swimming pool because it was a little bit overcrowded.
On the top floor there is a
as well as a Spa and a nice room with afternoon tea, coffee and sweet and savory snacks. We did not use the
because it was a little bit overcrowded.
Sorcha N
The staff are so friendly and helpful, our room was beautiful and the amenities are wonderful. Being able to have a lovely breakfast and then lounge by the pool with a great view of HCMC on the rooftop was fantastic.
The staff are so friendly and helpful, our room was beautiful and the amenities are wonderful. Being able to have a lovely breakfast and then lounge by the
with a great view of HCMC on the rooftop was fantastic.
Feddy112
Let’s not forget the amazing pool! I’m a hoe for a good infinity pool and the Aira does not miss with theirs. The pool is quite intimate, but we never had issues with the other guests.
Let’s not forget the amazing
! I’m a hoe for a good
and the Aira does not miss with theirs. The
is quite intimate, but we never had issues with the other guests.
Chris T
Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the pool, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the pool towel.
Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the
, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the
towel.
義雄 沢
The hotel's swimming pool is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service.
The hotel's
is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service.
Damon Luu
Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor pool, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest.
Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor
, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest.
NatNat1971
Our pool villa was well spaced and provided the right atmosphere for relaxation. The views of the ocean combined with the amenities such as our private pool were unforgettable.
Our
villa was well spaced and provided the right atmosphere for relaxation. The views of the ocean combined with the amenities such as our private
were unforgettable.
frances s
Our international flight wasn’t until late in the evening, and the staff kept our bags and even kindly let us use the shower facilities in the gym and pool level to freshen up before and 8 hour flight.
Our international flight wasn’t until late in the evening, and the staff kept our bags and even kindly let us use the shower facilities in the gym and
level to freshen up before and 8 hour flight.
Petr P
Great swimming pool and gym. The only thing is that it is not allowed to swim in the sea after 7:00PM, and the swimming pool is closed same time.
Great
and gym. The only thing is that it is not allowed to swim in the sea after 7:00PM, and the
is closed same time.
Shelley S
It boasts three gorgeous pools, an infinity pool that looks out into the sea, a big splashy pool and a smaller intimate one for adults only placed strategically near an amazing bar that knows how to mix a cocktail.
It boasts three gorgeous pools, an
that looks out into the sea, a big splashy
and a smaller intimate one for adults only placed strategically near an amazing bar that knows how to mix a cocktail.
Fearless15390041026
Definitely they have a great swimming pool with kinda panorama city view. Even though there could be many people but it doesn’t bother you since their pool is wide and spacious enough.
Definitely they have a great
with kinda panorama city view. Even though there could be many people but it doesn’t bother you since their
is wide and spacious enough.
Jtung74
Before I checked in I was told that the Club Pool and the Fitness pool are both adult only. However the club pool is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around.
Before I checked in I was told that the Club
and the Fitness
are both adult only. However the club
is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around.
MS K
Ahn
- Kind staff . - Friendly and helpful bellboy. - Good breakfast. - Including welcome drink. - has pool on the top floor. ** If you want to stay SAIGON, this hotel is very attractive!
- Kind staff . - Friendly and helpful bellboy. - Good breakfast. - Including welcome drink. - has
on the top floor. ** If you want to stay SAIGON, this hotel is very attractive!
Minhchau tran
The infinity pool on the roof top is a bonus. I love to watch the sunset over the infinite pool. They also have another infinity pool on the ground level have kid section which is great for those who has kids.
on the roof top is a bonus. I love to watch the sunset over the infinite
. They also have another
on the ground level have kid section which is great for those who has kids.
Christian H
Danh, the lifeguard by the pool, was great. Every time you passed by him and the other staff at breakfast or around the pool, they always greeted you with the biggest smile.
Danh, the lifeguard by the
, was great. Every time you passed by him and the other staff at breakfast or around the
, they always greeted you with the biggest smile.
용원 정
The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The swimming pool was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market.
The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The
was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market.
G M
Majestic hall, spacious and ultra-comfortable rooms, infinity pool on the 40th floor next to the rooftop bar with a breathtaking view of the superb bay of Nha Trang and its region.
Majestic hall, spacious and ultra-comfortable rooms,
on the 40th floor next to the rooftop bar with a breathtaking view of the superb bay of Nha Trang and its region.
Ming C
My family love to stay in the hotel with a clean and big swimming pool. We have choose the ocean front villa, the room is comfortable with a private small swimming pool, but the water is quite cold.
My family love to stay in the hotel with a clean and big
. We have choose the ocean front villa, the room is comfortable with a private small
, but the water is quite cold.
ianx17489
Our room was close to the "Kitchen by the Sea" and the main pool, which I would recommend as it was convenient going to and from the pool and restaurant without the need to use the buggy service.
Our room was close to the "Kitchen by the Sea" and the main
, which I would recommend as it was convenient going to and from the
and restaurant without the need to use the buggy service.
ikj
- I'm tempted to keep this to myself, but the indoor pool was surprisingly great. More often than not, it was like having a personal pool, either completely vacant or sparsely occupied.
- I'm tempted to keep this to myself, but the indoor
was surprisingly great. More often than not, it was like having a personal
, either completely vacant or sparsely occupied.
Vacation32130266901
Phil N
He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main swimming pool and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals.
He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main
and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals.
daniel gordon
Swimming pool on the top floor with an amazing view, hotel staff are always ready to help in solving any problems.
on the top floor with an amazing view, hotel staff are always ready to help in solving any problems.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
