Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Beach Hotels
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Beach Hotels
View map
Da Nang Beach Hotels
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
492 of 2600 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Beachfront
31. Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
459 reviews
#31 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Natkrita
"Trang come from thailand Good clean room, good service, good service staff near.the beach . Overview ok . So happy. The hotel is nearly the beach and i can waking around in here."
32. Bluesun Hotel
528 reviews
#32 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Oplohiya M
"The hotel very good I have to breakfast view beach I'm very happy when I stay here. Very clean everyday the staff very friendly and helpful, I love this because it's near the beach."
33. Nesta Hotel - Da Nang
522 reviews
#33 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Brian M
"We also only had one day at the beach, again due to weather. The only downside is crossing the street to get to the beach, which for westerners is some what daunting, but this hotel is practically beachfront."
Best Seller
2023
34. Da Nang Mikazuki Japanese Resorts & Spa
259 reviews
#34 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Johnny P
"My tips:. - plan some days to enjoy the resort facilities and beach if you want to stay at Mikazuki. - you are allowed to use Grab for food but you will need to meet to your delivery guy at the gate."
35. Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
721 reviews
#35 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By James K
"The Mandila Beach Hotel proved to be an excellent choice. Checking in was made very easy by the reception staff and we were shown to our room overlooking the beach within a few minutes."
36. Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
288 reviews
#36 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Angeline S
"Do get the the gran suite, we get to enjoy sea watching and sunrise at the comfort of our room. Beach is just opposite and there's resturants and massage spa just 5 mins within the vincity."
37. voco Ma Belle Danang
197 reviews
#37 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Christina W
"Hotel is beach front with restaurants and convenient store nearby. We have great view of the ocean from our room, not forgetting the sunrise from our bed too👍 . Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable."
Visit hotel website
38. Golden Lotus Luxury Hotel Da Nang
272 reviews
#38 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Tze Shien C
"Definitely stay here if you’re in Danang. Location is really near to My Khe beach and there were lots of restaurants and bars nearby, while the traffic was less chaotic than central Danang."
39. Santa Luxury Hotel
382 reviews
#39 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Victorino
"Santa Luxury, a beautiful Hotel, Beach side location, good ocean view, very spacious & clean rooms, continuous flow of hot & cold water, widespread buffet Breakfast and happy and polite Staff."
40. Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
95 reviews
#40 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Boris B
"We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in a Junior Suite with an ocean view. The room was wonderful, clean, well presented and superb views of the sea and the surrounding area."
41. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang
89 reviews
#41 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Vinh H
"We were given a warm welcome at check in, including a local delicious juice and also given an upgrade to a deluxe ocean view room on a higher floor."
42. The Nalod Da Nang
453 reviews
#42 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Travellingpeoples
"Our top highlights would be the million dollar view of the Ocean and My Khe Beach, the breakfast buffet, the super nice staffs and clean and soft pillows and sheets."
43. Chicland Hotel
580 reviews
#43 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Sheila158
"Our first time in Danang and the hotel was in an ideal spot, just across the road from a beautiful beach. The ocean front suite we had was certainly worth the extra money as the view was spectacular."
Top Rated
44. Grand Gold Hotel
344 reviews
#44 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Sherpa21612351720
"We had booked the Premium Deluxe Sea View room. The room offered a panoramic view of the sea which was absolutely stunning."
45. Grand Tourane Hotel
811 reviews
#45 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Hai T
"Thanks so for the free ungraded to a ocean view……. The hotel is wonderful and a beautiful ocean view………… The front desk personnel did a wonderful job, provided a great service……….."
46. Mercy Emerald Hotel
75 reviews
#46 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By HARSHAD K
"Ms Huong and Ms Nga ok. We will comeback . Staff very good. Delicous food. Swe like somuch and the swimming. The hotel at good location and near the beach and the weather is ok also we will comback"
47. Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
183 reviews
#47 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Mridant
"The beach is easily accessible . Excellent service provided especially Long was extremely helpful and could understand and speak fluent english which was a big plus point"
48. Radisson Hotel Danang
343 reviews
#48 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Karolina S
"My Khe beach is across the road, yes it's on the main road, but it's not crazy busy so you can cross it without issues. I recommend staying near the beaches if you want that holiday feeling."
49. Kiwi Hotel & Cafe
5 reviews
#49 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By garyleecious
"Comfortable beds, beautiful views and..."
50. Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
#50 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Jim B
"We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach."
51. Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
Resort
1,315 reviews
#51 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Scott C
"Some days, the waves and currents were too strong and swimming was not allowed. Be sure to check out the sunrise and get to the beach 30 mins before to witness a spectacular sight."
52. Rosamia Da Nang Hotel
204 reviews
#52 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By shahshail
"Moisturising lotion is not provided but definitely needed as it's opposite the beach, so a beach person should definitely pack a good body lotion."
53. Crowne Plaza Danang
224 reviews
#53 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Mie
"In the afternoon, they also have BBQ on the beach , so you can chill and enjoy the foods."
54. Adaline Hotel & Suite
271 reviews
#54 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Hector G
"Beach life 🏖️"
55. Seashore Hotel - Apartment
160 reviews
#55 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Евгения М
"This even not just a sea view, seems that you live on the beach! By the way the beach is very nice and what was really important for us - it was almost empty all the time!"
56. Cordial Hotel
34 reviews
#56 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Thomas J
"Location- five minutes walk from the beach."
57. The Ocean Villas
341 reviews
#57 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By astrid e
"The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso..."
58. Hai Trieu Hotel
26 reviews
#58 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Dsuperman
"The hotel location is nearby the My Khe..."
59. Trang Ngan Hotel
Specialty Hotel
10 reviews
#59 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Kevin J
"If you need clothes washed there is a..."
60. Phuc Thanh Hotel
7 reviews
#60 Best Value of 492 Da Nang Beach Hotels
By Jason F
"Worst hotel ever"
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
492 of 2600
Natkrita
Trang come from thailand Good clean room, good service, good service staff near.the beach . Overview ok . So happy. The hotel is nearly the beach and i can waking around in here.
Trang come from thailand Good clean room, good service, good service staff near.the
beach
. Overview ok . So happy. The hotel is nearly the
and i can waking around in here.
Oplohiya M
The hotel very good I have to breakfast view beach I'm very happy when I stay here. Very clean everyday the staff very friendly and helpful, I love this because it's near the beach.
The hotel very good I have to breakfast view
I'm very happy when I stay here. Very clean everyday the staff very friendly and helpful, I love this because it's near the
.
Brian M
We also only had one day at the beach, again due to weather. The only downside is crossing the street to get to the beach, which for westerners is some what daunting, but this hotel is practically beachfront.
We also only had one day at the
, again due to weather. The only downside is crossing the street to get to the
, which for westerners is some what daunting, but this hotel is practically beachfront.
Johnny P
My tips:. - plan some days to enjoy the resort facilities and beach if you want to stay at Mikazuki. - you are allowed to use Grab for food but you will need to meet to your delivery guy at the gate.
My tips:. - plan some days to enjoy the resort facilities and
if you want to stay at Mikazuki. - you are allowed to use Grab for food but you will need to meet to your delivery guy at the gate.
James K
The Mandila Beach Hotel proved to be an excellent choice. Checking in was made very easy by the reception staff and we were shown to our room overlooking the beach within a few minutes.
The Mandila
Beach
Hotel proved to be an excellent choice. Checking in was made very easy by the reception staff and we were shown to our room overlooking the
within a few minutes.
Angeline S
Do get the the gran suite, we get to enjoy sea watching and sunrise at the comfort of our room. Beach is just opposite and there's resturants and massage spa just 5 mins within the vincity.
Do get the the gran suite, we get to enjoy sea watching and sunrise at the comfort of our room.
is just opposite and there's resturants and massage spa just 5 mins within the vincity.
Christina W
Hotel is beach front with restaurants and convenient store nearby. We have great view of the ocean from our room, not forgetting the sunrise from our bed too👍 . Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.
Hotel is
beach front
with restaurants and convenient store nearby. We have great view of the
ocean
from our room, not forgetting the sunrise from our bed too👍 . Rooms are spacious, clean and comfortable.
Tze Shien C
Definitely stay here if you’re in Danang. Location is really near to My Khe beach and there were lots of restaurants and bars nearby, while the traffic was less chaotic than central Danang.
Definitely stay here if you’re in Danang. Location is really near to My Khe
and there were lots of restaurants and bars nearby, while the traffic was less chaotic than central Danang.
Victorino
Santa Luxury, a beautiful Hotel, Beach side location, good ocean view, very spacious & clean rooms, continuous flow of hot & cold water, widespread buffet Breakfast and happy and polite Staff.
Santa Luxury, a beautiful Hotel,
side location, good
view, very spacious & clean rooms, continuous flow of hot & cold water, widespread buffet Breakfast and happy and polite Staff.
Boris B
We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in a Junior Suite with an ocean view. The room was wonderful, clean, well presented and superb views of the sea and the surrounding area.
We stayed at the hotel for 6 nights in a Junior Suite with an
view. The room was wonderful, clean, well presented and superb views of the sea and the surrounding area.
Vinh H
We were given a warm welcome at check in, including a local delicious juice and also given an upgrade to a deluxe ocean view room on a higher floor.
We were given a warm welcome at check in, including a local delicious juice and also given an upgrade to a deluxe
view room on a higher floor.
Travellingpeoples
Our top highlights would be the million dollar view of the Ocean and My Khe Beach, the breakfast buffet, the super nice staffs and clean and soft pillows and sheets.
Our top highlights would be the million dollar view of the
Ocean
and My Khe
, the breakfast buffet, the super nice staffs and clean and soft pillows and sheets.
Sheila158
Our first time in Danang and the hotel was in an ideal spot, just across the road from a beautiful beach. The ocean front suite we had was certainly worth the extra money as the view was spectacular.
Our first time in Danang and the hotel was in an ideal spot, just across the road from a beautiful
. The
ocean front
suite we had was certainly worth the extra money as the view was spectacular.
Sherpa21612351720
Hai T
Thanks so for the free ungraded to a ocean view……. The hotel is wonderful and a beautiful ocean view………… The front desk personnel did a wonderful job, provided a great service………..
Thanks so for the free ungraded to a
view……. The hotel is wonderful and a beautiful
view………… The front desk personnel did a wonderful job, provided a great service………..
HARSHAD K
Ms Huong and Ms Nga ok. We will comeback . Staff very good. Delicous food. Swe like somuch and the swimming. The hotel at good location and near the beach and the weather is ok also we will comback
Ms Huong and Ms Nga ok. We will comeback . Staff very good. Delicous food. Swe like somuch and the swimming. The hotel at good location and near the
and the weather is ok also we will comback
Mridant
The beach is easily accessible . Excellent service provided especially Long was extremely helpful and could understand and speak fluent english which was a big plus point
The
is easily accessible . Excellent service provided especially Long was extremely helpful and could understand and speak fluent english which was a big plus point
Karolina S
My Khe beach is across the road, yes it's on the main road, but it's not crazy busy so you can cross it without issues. I recommend staying near the beaches if you want that holiday feeling.
My Khe
is across the road, yes it's on the main road, but it's not crazy busy so you can cross it without issues. I recommend staying near the
beaches
if you want that holiday feeling.
garyleecious
Jim B
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach.
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang
Scott C
Some days, the waves and currents were too strong and swimming was not allowed. Be sure to check out the sunrise and get to the beach 30 mins before to witness a spectacular sight.
Some days, the waves and currents were too strong and swimming was not allowed. Be sure to check out the sunrise and get to the
30 mins before to witness a spectacular sight.
shahshail
Moisturising lotion is not provided but definitely needed as it's opposite the beach, so a beach person should definitely pack a good body lotion.
Moisturising lotion is not provided but definitely needed as it's opposite the
, so a
person should definitely pack a good body lotion.
Mie
In the afternoon, they also have BBQ on the beach , so you can chill and enjoy the foods.
In the afternoon, they also have BBQ on the
, so you can chill and enjoy the foods.
Hector G
Beach life 🏖️
Beach life
🏖️
Евгения М
This even not just a sea view, seems that you live on the beach! By the way the beach is very nice and what was really important for us - it was almost empty all the time!
This even not just a sea view, seems that you live on the
! By the way the
is very nice and what was really important for us - it was almost empty all the time!
Thomas J
Location- five minutes walk from the beach.
Location- five minutes walk from the
astrid e
The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso...
The proximity to the
is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilso...
Dsuperman
Kevin J
Jason F
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
