Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Vietnam
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamVietnam Hotels5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
THE 10 BEST Vietnam 5 Star Hotels
View map
5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
5-star Hotels in Ho Chi Minh City
5-star Hotels in Hanoi
5-star Hotels in Da Lat
5-star Hotels in Da Nang
5-star Hotels in Nha Trang
5-star Hotels in Hoi An
5-star Hotels in Vung Tau
5-star Hotels in Phu Quoc Island
5-star Hotels in Hai Phong
5-star Hotels in Hue
5-star Hotels in Sapa
5-star Hotels in Quy Nhon
5-star Hotels in Phan Thiet
5-star Hotels in Halong Bay
5-star Hotels in Can Tho
5-star Hotels in Ha Long
5-star Hotels in Phu Huu
5-star Hotels in Cat Ba
5-star Hotels in Ninh Binh
5-star Hotels in Duong Dong
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Hostels
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Distance from
25 mi
War Remnants Museum
Vietnam Adventure Tours
Old Quarter
Hoi An Ancient Town
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Show more
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
VBA Hospitality Group
Silverland Hotels & Spas
188 of 3015 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
1. Furama Resort Danang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
Resort
5,326 reviews
#1 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Loredana S
"food was great, a lot of options and tours available, the spa was very hospitable and luxurious, staff always making us feel welcome"
2023
2. The Oriental Jade Hotel
2,748 reviews
#2 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Joanne M
"our terrace suite was beautiful and very spacious, bathroom was large and luxurious, the bed was incredibly comfortable, the cleanliness of the hotel was the best we've ever encountered, anywhere."
Top Rated
3. La Siesta Premium Sai Gon
643 reviews
#3 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Arianrhod10
"You can imagine my delight when I'm shown The Junior Suite, fully equipped with luxury art deco (my favourite), and a balcony bigger than my loungeroom at home."
4. Peridot Grand Luxury Boutique Hotel
1,114 reviews
#4 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Alison H
"So many highlights from our time at the Peridot - the delicious breakfasts, the drinks and sunsets at the Sky bar, the pampering at the spa, the super quick and attentive service and spot on recommendations for fo..."
Best Seller
5. New World Phu Quoc Resort
1,049 reviews
#5 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Sandra B
"Our ocean view villa was extremely spacious, luxurious and the private pool offered great entertainment for the whole family."
Visit hotel website
All Inclusive
6. Vinpearl Resort Nha Trang
2,754 reviews
#6 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By 윤경 박
"I mean, If you have a chance to come Nhatrang, I strongly recommend to book Vinpearl resort!! Nice ocean view, great breakfast, privite room furthermore luxurious stuff will be waiting for you"
7. LOTTE HOTEL SAIGON
3,179 reviews
#7 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By alinnna
"It was the perfect balance of comfortable and friendly luxury, perfect location, wonderful views over the river, tasty and diverse breakfasts."
8. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Phu Quoc
3,306 reviews
#8 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Bảo Vy T
"The resort was very beautiful and luxurious with many entertainment centers, the staff were friendly, polite and helpful."
9. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,077 reviews
#9 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Res
"The light wooden bright cozy theme of the hotel matches DaNang perfectly and we love it so much over some luxurious grand design of other hotels."
10. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,461 reviews
#10 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By LCandEddie
"... (insider tip, try the tea near the check in counter, one of the days was a special tea that they only make in Hoi An).. the King ocean view room is spacious and the bathroom is luxurious with good natural light."
11. Lotte Hotel Hanoi
2,485 reviews
#11 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By 영식 엄
"If you come to Hanoi, we recommend staying here for a day or two to end your trip in Hanoi in a comfortable and luxurious way."
12. Amiana Resort Nha Trang
2,507 reviews
#12 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By GertDL
"We celebrated New Year’s Eve here and the buffet that was served was so luxurious, gourmet, international and the very best we had."
13. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#13 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By DJTM2817
"The Spa Treatments (My Favorite Ms An gave me the best daily massages again, thanks An) our package included daily massages for each person was pure luxury."
14. Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang
1,275 reviews
#14 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By 한 녀
"Peaceful Beachfront Luxury Villa A serene oasis away from the hustle and bustle of city life, Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang is a haven for bespoke guests, amidst tropical gardens, expansive coast line and 84 villas th..."
15. Bay Resort Hoi An
80 reviews
#15 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Christine Joan S
"One of the outstanding hotels in Hoi An that offers a beautiful 5-star experience is the The Bay hotel This luxurious establishment goes above and beyond to provide guests with a memorable and exquisite stay."
16. Hilton Da Nang
1,409 reviews
#16 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Discover61962874933
"Nestled along the pristine shores of Da Nang, the Hilton Da Nang stands as a testament to luxury, hospitality, and breathtaking beauty."
17. Mia Resort Nha Trang
1,919 reviews
#17 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Minhduc Nguyen - Vietnam P&C travel
"There were many luxury 5-star resorts in Cam Ranh area but after very careful consideration I decided to chose Mia resort in Cam Ranh - Nha Trang as the destination for our VIP clients from 2/12-5/12/2021."
18. Hon Tam Resort
1,586 reviews
#18 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Sales M
"On Tam island we enjoyed MUDBATH so good, Luxury park also great."
19. Palm Garden Resort Hoi An
3,738 reviews
#19 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By sazzles51
"Stayed in lots of places around the world and this was one of the most luxurious and beautiful."
20. Sherwood Suites
414 reviews
#20 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Francie
"Each suite is like a small upscale apartment with everything you could possibly need or want including a washer/dryer (detergent readily available at the front desk)."
21. Meliá Vinpearl Hue
791 reviews
#21 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Kenbin
"Go to the highest place in the city to admire the scenery, so wonderful, both luxury and quality, the staff is very helpful, very suitable for those who like to take pictures.Let enjoy this moment!"
22. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,227 reviews
#22 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Cong Dan S
"Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination."
23. Regalia Gold Hotel
202 reviews
#23 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By JG
"... with most upscale international h..."
24. Senna Hue Hotel
205 reviews
#24 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Papa Toe
"The property is beautiful, the rooms are newly built, clean, large and luxurious."
25. Hotel Nikko Saigon
4,618 reviews
#25 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Anthony N
"Overall, Hotel Nikko Saigon is a luxurious and comfortable choice for travelers looking to stay in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City."
26. KK Sapa Hotel
251 reviews
#26 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Pane C
"If you want an Hotel with the best services, entertainment, luxury yet while being reasonably priced then KK Hotel is simply the best for you."
27. Mövenpick Resort Cam Ranh
258 reviews
#27 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Dean C
"Adventure, Luxury, Indulgence, Seclusion, Beach and Fun is what the Movenpick Cam Ranh has install when you stay at this fabulous resort on the Incredible Vietnamese Riviera."
28. Hotel Majestic Saigon
3,772 reviews
#28 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Escape_ASAP
"The Hotel Majestic Saigon is a historic luxury hotel built circa 1925 and perfectly preserved in all its grandeur."
29. Mia Saigon Luxury Boutique Hotel
244 reviews
#29 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Vin cai
"My recent stay at Mia Saigon - Luxury Boutique Hotel was a perfect blend of luxury, tranquility, and cultural immersion, set by the scenic Saigon River in Thu Duc City."
30. Sunrise Nha Trang Beach Hotel & Spa
1,458 reviews
#30 Best Value of 188 5-Star Hotels in Vietnam
By Bass0174
"Just WOW! Beautiful hotel with lots of luxury"
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Vietnam Hotels Information
Hotels in Vietnam
192
Hotels Prices From
$36
Hotels Reviews
240,050
Hotels Photos
280,051
Frequently Asked Questions about Vietnam hotels
What is the price for 5-star hotels in Vietnam?

$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
188 of 3015
Loredana S
food was great, a lot of options and tours available, the spa was very hospitable and luxurious, staff always making us feel welcome
food was great, a lot of options and tours available, the spa was very hospitable and
luxurious
, staff always making us feel welcome
Joanne M
our terrace suite was beautiful and very spacious, bathroom was large and luxurious, the bed was incredibly comfortable, the cleanliness of the hotel was the best we've ever encountered, anywhere.
our terrace suite was beautiful and very spacious, bathroom was large and
, the bed was incredibly comfortable, the cleanliness of the hotel was the best we've ever encountered, anywhere.
Arianrhod10
You can imagine my delight when I'm shown The Junior Suite, fully equipped with luxury art deco (my favourite), and a balcony bigger than my loungeroom at home.
You can imagine my delight when I'm shown The Junior Suite, fully equipped with
luxury
art deco (my favourite), and a balcony bigger than my loungeroom at home.
Alison H
So many highlights from our time at the Peridot - the delicious breakfasts, the drinks and sunsets at the Sky bar, the pampering at the spa, the super quick and attentive service and spot on recommendations for fo...
So many highlights from our time at the Peridot - the delicious breakfasts, the drinks and sunsets at the Sky bar, the
pampering
at the spa, the super quick and attentive service and spot on recommendations for fo...
Sandra B
Our ocean view villa was extremely spacious, luxurious and the private pool offered great entertainment for the whole family.
Our ocean view villa was extremely spacious,
and the private pool offered great entertainment for the whole family.
윤경 박
I mean, If you have a chance to come Nhatrang, I strongly recommend to book Vinpearl resort!! Nice ocean view, great breakfast, privite room furthermore luxurious stuff will be waiting for you
I mean, If you have a chance to come Nhatrang, I strongly recommend to book Vinpearl resort!! Nice ocean view, great breakfast, privite room furthermore
stuff will be waiting for you
alinnna
It was the perfect balance of comfortable and friendly luxury, perfect location, wonderful views over the river, tasty and diverse breakfasts.
It was the perfect balance of comfortable and friendly
, perfect location, wonderful views over the river, tasty and diverse breakfasts.
Bảo Vy T
The resort was very beautiful and luxurious with many entertainment centers, the staff were friendly, polite and helpful.
The resort was very beautiful and
with many entertainment centers, the staff were friendly, polite and helpful.
Res
The light wooden bright cozy theme of the hotel matches DaNang perfectly and we love it so much over some luxurious grand design of other hotels.
The light wooden bright cozy theme of the hotel matches DaNang perfectly and we love it so much over some
grand design of other hotels.
LCandEddie
... (insider tip, try the tea near the check in counter, one of the days was a special tea that they only make in Hoi An).. the King ocean view room is spacious and the bathroom is luxurious with good natural light.
... (insider tip, try the tea near the check in counter, one of the days was a special tea that they only make in Hoi An).. the King ocean view room is spacious and the bathroom is
with good natural light.
영식 엄
If you come to Hanoi, we recommend staying here for a day or two to end your trip in Hanoi in a comfortable and luxurious way.
If you come to Hanoi, we recommend staying here for a day or two to end your trip in Hanoi in a comfortable and
way.
GertDL
We celebrated New Year’s Eve here and the buffet that was served was so luxurious, gourmet, international and the very best we had.
We celebrated New Year’s Eve here and the buffet that was served was so
, gourmet, international and the very best we had.
DJTM2817
The Spa Treatments (My Favorite Ms An gave me the best daily massages again, thanks An) our package included daily massages for each person was pure luxury.
The Spa Treatments (My Favorite Ms An gave me the best daily massages again, thanks An) our package included daily massages for each person was pure
.
한 녀
Peaceful Beachfront Luxury Villa A serene oasis away from the hustle and bustle of city life, Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang is a haven for bespoke guests, amidst tropical gardens, expansive coast line and 84 villas th...
Peaceful Beachfront
Villa A serene oasis away from the hustle and bustle of city life, Vinpearl Luxury Nha Trang is a haven for bespoke guests, amidst tropical gardens, expansive coast line and 84 villas th...
Christine Joan S
One of the outstanding hotels in Hoi An that offers a beautiful 5-star experience is the The Bay hotel This luxurious establishment goes above and beyond to provide guests with a memorable and exquisite stay.
One of the outstanding hotels in Hoi An that offers a beautiful 5-star experience is the The Bay hotel This
establishment goes above and beyond to provide guests with a memorable and exquisite stay.
Discover61962874933
Nestled along the pristine shores of Da Nang, the Hilton Da Nang stands as a testament to luxury, hospitality, and breathtaking beauty.
Nestled along the pristine shores of Da Nang, the Hilton Da Nang stands as a testament to
, hospitality, and breathtaking beauty.
Minhduc Nguyen - Vietnam P&C travel
There were many luxury 5-star resorts in Cam Ranh area but after very careful consideration I decided to chose Mia resort in Cam Ranh - Nha Trang as the destination for our VIP clients from 2/12-5/12/2021.
There were many
5-star resorts in Cam Ranh area but after very careful consideration I decided to chose Mia resort in Cam Ranh - Nha Trang as the destination for our VIP clients from 2/12-5/12/2021.
Sales M
On Tam island we enjoyed MUDBATH so good, Luxury park also great.
On Tam island we enjoyed MUDBATH so good,
park also great.
sazzles51
Stayed in lots of places around the world and this was one of the most luxurious and beautiful.
Stayed in lots of places around the world and this was one of the most
and beautiful.
Francie
Each suite is like a small upscale apartment with everything you could possibly need or want including a washer/dryer (detergent readily available at the front desk).
Each suite is like a small
upscale
apartment with everything you could possibly need or want including a washer/dryer (detergent readily available at the front desk).
Kenbin
Go to the highest place in the city to admire the scenery, so wonderful, both luxury and quality, the staff is very helpful, very suitable for those who like to take pictures.Let enjoy this moment!
Go to the highest place in the city to admire the scenery, so wonderful, both
and quality, the staff is very helpful, very suitable for those who like to take pictures.Let enjoy this moment!
Cong Dan S
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of
, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
JG
... with most upscale international h...
... with most
international h...
Papa Toe
The property is beautiful, the rooms are newly built, clean, large and luxurious.
The property is beautiful, the rooms are newly built, clean, large and
Anthony N
Overall, Hotel Nikko Saigon is a luxurious and comfortable choice for travelers looking to stay in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City.
Overall, Hotel Nikko Saigon is a
and comfortable choice for travelers looking to stay in the heart of Ho Chi Minh City.
Pane C
If you want an Hotel with the best services, entertainment, luxury yet while being reasonably priced then KK Hotel is simply the best for you.
If you want an Hotel with the best services, entertainment,
yet while being reasonably priced then KK Hotel is simply the best for you.
Dean C
Adventure, Luxury, Indulgence, Seclusion, Beach and Fun is what the Movenpick Cam Ranh has install when you stay at this fabulous resort on the Incredible Vietnamese Riviera.
Adventure,
, Indulgence, Seclusion, Beach and Fun is what the Movenpick Cam Ranh has install when you stay at this fabulous resort on the Incredible Vietnamese Riviera.
Escape_ASAP
The Hotel Majestic Saigon is a historic luxury hotel built circa 1925 and perfectly preserved in all its grandeur.
The Hotel Majestic Saigon is a historic
hotel built circa 1925 and perfectly preserved in all its grandeur.
Vin cai
My recent stay at Mia Saigon - Luxury Boutique Hotel was a perfect blend of luxury, tranquility, and cultural immersion, set by the scenic Saigon River in Thu Duc City.
My recent stay at Mia Saigon -
Boutique Hotel was a perfect blend of
, tranquility, and cultural immersion, set by the scenic Saigon River in Thu Duc City.
Bass0174
Just WOW! Beautiful hotel with lots of luxury
Just WOW! Beautiful hotel with lots of
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
