Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with a Pool
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
View map
Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Pool
Free Wifi
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
321 of 2600 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Best Seller
1. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,042 reviews
#1 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Liu G
"Swimming pool all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile"
2. Furama Resort Danang
Resort
5,327 reviews
#2 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Adventure66963122917
"And the main pool is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the pool villa again next time I come to Da Nang."
Top Rated
3. Monarque Hotel
3,032 reviews
#3 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Damon Luu
"Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor pool, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest."
4. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,260 reviews
#4 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Chris T
"Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the pool, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the pool towel."
5. Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
662 reviews
#5 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Adventure38381310290
"Good facilities and convenience location. The breakfast start at 6h30 to 9h30 and swimming pool close at 10pm, so reasonable with us because i usually go to Bana and go out whole day."
6. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
811 reviews
#6 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By 용원 정
"The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The swimming pool was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market."
7. Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,006 reviews
#7 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Chaz N
"Great location, great staff; gym was nice and pool and rooftop were awesome …Giang was very helpful with food and local , the beach is located right across the street with lots of great local places."
2023
8. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,819 reviews
#8 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Noel F
"The pool and sky bar were fantastic The night lights also from sky bar were fantastic Could not fault anything we have been on many trips to Europe and this was up there with the best."
Visit hotel website
9. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
902 reviews
#9 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Duc L
"This hotel so beautiful, nice view, all staff very very friendly, beautiful buffet , swimming pool amazing, very clean , convenience to go local shop, coffee, restaurants around."
All Inclusive
10. Brilliant Hotel
3,276 reviews
#10 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By 義雄 沢
"The hotel's swimming pool is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service."
11. DLG Hotel Danang
639 reviews
#11 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By TravellerSDS
"The hotel has 2 swimming pools, 1 slightly larger than the other. Beautiful view from the swimming pool, spanning the full stretch of the Danang bay right round to the white pagoda and magnificent Guanyin statue."
12. Hilton Da Nang
1,415 reviews
#12 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By 미 비
"Also, I loved the swimming pool, but I think it will be better to run with hot spa in October as I felt cold outside and nobody uses the pool because of the low temperature."
13. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,464 reviews
#13 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Jtung74
"Before I checked in I was told that the Club Pool and the Fitness pool are both adult only. However the club pool is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around."
14. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
943 reviews
#14 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Jerry H
"Secondly, the swimming pool is so big and iconic as it is located at the center of the hotel. This is by far the longest pool that i have seen in a hotel and well-maintained."
15. Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,444 reviews
#15 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Dominik
"There's also a gorgeous swimming pool at the same floor outside with a breathtaking view and an outside bar at the very rooftop with nice attentive waiters and waitresses and great selection of drinks."
16. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,080 reviews
#16 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Eric
"There is an infinity pool on the roof which is nice but the water is not heated. Weather wasn't particularly warm during our stay so the pool wasnt a plus because of the water temperature."
17. Satya Danang Hotel
376 reviews
#17 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Vacation32130266901
"There locate was so good to use there.Very friendly and the water of facility was so nice."
18. Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,810 reviews
#18 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By hoạ my
"Although it's only four star, it's the way that the amenities have been designedand implemented. It's a small things it's like the color of the swimming pool being a dark blue which makes the waters nice and warm."
19. Vanda Hotel
1,107 reviews
#19 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By GR6029
"They have a great roof top bar where we had happy hour overlooking the Dragon Bridge and we took a swim in the 4th floor pool which was very relaxing."
20. Naman Retreat
3,777 reviews
#20 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Phil N
"He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main swimming pool and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals."
21. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,231 reviews
#21 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Hung H
"The pool has nice view that faces directly to the beach, kid pool is located beside main pool so we can look after our kid while swimming. Highly recommend for Da Nang residents"
22. Mercure Danang French Village Bana Hills
1,706 reviews
#22 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Romeo Ng.Ng.
"The well-appointed rooms offered a peaceful retreat, and the hotel's facilities, including the spa and swimming pool, were a great way to unwind after a day of team activities."
23. Estrella Boutique Hotel
84 reviews
#23 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By NorthStar06114427879
"Swimming pool had a nice view and food was nice and fresh."
24. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,958 reviews
#24 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Ted
"It has amazing facilities and great view. I recommend to visit this place if you are planning to stay in Danang The swimming pool was really good too."
25. Paris Deli Hotel
2,344 reviews
#25 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Miss North
"Hotel next to beach (separated by road, but so are most of them and no big deal) with rooftop pool and bar and gym. The pool was much nicer than the neighbouring ones I could see."
26. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,641 reviews
#26 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Ban H
"Great pool, restaurant, golden rule service especially Nhat manager make me feel like home, in addition Loc always very helpful."
27. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,829 reviews
#27 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By phillip1_2009
"All the staff were very friendly and Tung at the pool was very helpful and welcoming. The pools were very nice and we enjoyed swimming in them, especially the infinity pool."
28. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#28 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Alex
"Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet, enjoying the super pool and the amazing beach access just footsteps away from our villa!"
29. Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
392 reviews
#29 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Bobkins82
"Fast stable Wifi Lovely staff Pool was a bit small and thin - about 12x4 metres and shallow at one end with a max depth of 1.5m, but was a nice pool."
30. Olalani Resort & Condotel
88 reviews
#30 Best Value of 321 Da Nang Hotels with a Pool
By Liz G
"The kids had a great time swimming in the 3 opened pools but the tiles were all coming off and it could have very easily cut a foot open."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Da Nang Hotels Information
Hotels in Da Nang
321
Hotels Prices From
$12
Hotels Reviews
120,492
Hotels Photos
132,022
Frequently Asked Questions about Da Nang hotels
What are the best hotels with a pool near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Which hotels with a pool are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with a pool in Da Nang?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with a pool in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any hotels with a pool in Da Nang have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
321 of 2600
Liu G
Swimming pool all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile
Swimming pool
all staff good and friendly highly recommend for all tourist. Hotel can free shuttle bus and complimentary. I will comeback here because view is awesome. Receptionist all friendly and always smile
Adventure66963122917
And the main pool is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the pool villa again next time I come to Da Nang.
And the main
pool
is deep, so it's perfect for swimming, and the breakfast menu was diverse and delicious. I want to stay in the
villa again next time I come to Da Nang.
Damon Luu
Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor pool, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest.
Hotel locates at the middle of Da Nang city, and it has interesting amenities such as an outdoor
, a pub, computers at ground floor, and free afternoon tea with cake which suits my interest.
Chris T
Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the pool, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the pool towel.
Receptionist ask us up to level 25 to get the beach towel from the
, but the level 25 staff say we can't take the towel. In the end after a good 10 min of waiting, then they reluctantly provide us the
towel.
Adventure38381310290
Good facilities and convenience location. The breakfast start at 6h30 to 9h30 and swimming pool close at 10pm, so reasonable with us because i usually go to Bana and go out whole day.
Good facilities and convenience location. The breakfast start at 6h30 to 9h30 and
swimming pool
close at 10pm, so reasonable with us because i usually go to Bana and go out whole day.
용원 정
The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The swimming pool was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market.
The hotel was clean and the location was close to the downtown area, so the breakfast was also delicious. The
was a little small, but the staff were kind. I can walk because it is close to Ggon Market.
Chaz N
Great location, great staff; gym was nice and pool and rooftop were awesome …Giang was very helpful with food and local , the beach is located right across the street with lots of great local places.
Great location, great staff; gym was nice and
and rooftop were awesome …Giang was very helpful with food and local , the beach is located right across the street with lots of great local places.
Noel F
The pool and sky bar were fantastic The night lights also from sky bar were fantastic Could not fault anything we have been on many trips to Europe and this was up there with the best.
The
and sky bar were fantastic The night lights also from sky bar were fantastic Could not fault anything we have been on many trips to Europe and this was up there with the best.
Duc L
This hotel so beautiful, nice view, all staff very very friendly, beautiful buffet , swimming pool amazing, very clean , convenience to go local shop, coffee, restaurants around.
This hotel so beautiful, nice view, all staff very very friendly, beautiful buffet ,
amazing, very clean , convenience to go local shop, coffee, restaurants around.
義雄 沢
The hotel's swimming pool is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service.
The hotel's
is on the 4th floor, I think it's quite small but its advantage is indoor so I think in winter you can use this service.
TravellerSDS
The hotel has 2 swimming pools, 1 slightly larger than the other. Beautiful view from the swimming pool, spanning the full stretch of the Danang bay right round to the white pagoda and magnificent Guanyin statue.
The hotel has 2 swimming pools, 1 slightly larger than the other. Beautiful view from the
, spanning the full stretch of the Danang bay right round to the white pagoda and magnificent Guanyin statue.
미 비
Also, I loved the swimming pool, but I think it will be better to run with hot spa in October as I felt cold outside and nobody uses the pool because of the low temperature.
Also, I loved the
, but I think it will be better to run with hot spa in October as I felt cold outside and nobody uses the
because of the low temperature.
Jtung74
Before I checked in I was told that the Club Pool and the Fitness pool are both adult only. However the club pool is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around.
Before I checked in I was told that the Club
and the Fitness
are both adult only. However the club
is constantly occupied by kids and there aren’t enough seating around.
Jerry H
Secondly, the swimming pool is so big and iconic as it is located at the center of the hotel. This is by far the longest pool that i have seen in a hotel and well-maintained.
Secondly, the
is so big and iconic as it is located at the center of the hotel. This is by far the longest
that i have seen in a hotel and well-maintained.
Dominik
There's also a gorgeous swimming pool at the same floor outside with a breathtaking view and an outside bar at the very rooftop with nice attentive waiters and waitresses and great selection of drinks.
There's also a gorgeous
at the same floor outside with a breathtaking view and an outside bar at the very rooftop with nice attentive waiters and waitresses and great selection of drinks.
Eric
There is an infinity pool on the roof which is nice but the water is not heated. Weather wasn't particularly warm during our stay so the pool wasnt a plus because of the water temperature.
There is an
infinity pool
on the roof which is nice but the water is not heated. Weather wasn't particularly warm during our stay so the
wasnt a plus because of the water temperature.
Vacation32130266901
hoạ my
Although it's only four star, it's the way that the amenities have been designedand implemented. It's a small things it's like the color of the swimming pool being a dark blue which makes the waters nice and warm.
Although it's only four star, it's the way that the amenities have been designedand implemented. It's a small things it's like the color of the
being a dark blue which makes the waters nice and warm.
GR6029
They have a great roof top bar where we had happy hour overlooking the Dragon Bridge and we took a swim in the 4th floor pool which was very relaxing.
They have a great roof top bar where we had happy hour overlooking the Dragon Bridge and we took a swim in the 4th floor
which was very relaxing.
Phil N
He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main swimming pool and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals.
He was the highlight of our stay, but the apartment room was nice with great views, the main
and poolside bar is fabulous and the main restaurant was great for both breakfast and evening meals.
Hung H
The pool has nice view that faces directly to the beach, kid pool is located beside main pool so we can look after our kid while swimming. Highly recommend for Da Nang residents
has nice view that faces directly to the beach, kid
is located beside main
so we can look after our kid while swimming. Highly recommend for Da Nang residents
Romeo Ng.Ng.
The well-appointed rooms offered a peaceful retreat, and the hotel's facilities, including the spa and swimming pool, were a great way to unwind after a day of team activities.
The well-appointed rooms offered a peaceful retreat, and the hotel's facilities, including the spa and
, were a great way to unwind after a day of team activities.
NorthStar06114427879
Swimming pool had a nice view and food was nice and fresh.
had a nice view and food was nice and fresh.
Ted
It has amazing facilities and great view. I recommend to visit this place if you are planning to stay in Danang The swimming pool was really good too.
It has amazing facilities and great view. I recommend to visit this place if you are planning to stay in Danang The
was really good too.
Miss North
Hotel next to beach (separated by road, but so are most of them and no big deal) with rooftop pool and bar and gym. The pool was much nicer than the neighbouring ones I could see.
Hotel next to beach (separated by road, but so are most of them and no big deal) with rooftop
and bar and gym. The
was much nicer than the neighbouring ones I could see.
Ban H
Great pool, restaurant, golden rule service especially Nhat manager make me feel like home, in addition Loc always very helpful.
Great
, restaurant, golden rule service especially Nhat manager make me feel like home, in addition Loc always very helpful.
phillip1_2009
All the staff were very friendly and Tung at the pool was very helpful and welcoming. The pools were very nice and we enjoyed swimming in them, especially the infinity pool.
All the staff were very friendly and Tung at the
was very helpful and welcoming. The pools were very nice and we enjoyed swimming in them, especially the
.
Alex
Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet, enjoying the super pool and the amazing beach access just footsteps away from our villa!
Beginning with our lovely room with private
, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet, enjoying the super
and the amazing beach access just footsteps away from our villa!
Bobkins82
Fast stable Wifi Lovely staff Pool was a bit small and thin - about 12x4 metres and shallow at one end with a max depth of 1.5m, but was a nice pool.
Fast stable Wifi Lovely staff
was a bit small and thin - about 12x4 metres and shallow at one end with a max depth of 1.5m, but was a nice
Liz G
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
