Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsCheap Hotels in Hai Phong
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Hai Phong
Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
23 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Top Rated
2023
1. Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
809 reviews
#1 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Getting to town isn’t hard. A 7 minute walk, or for 20,000-40,000 VND our family would be carted to where we needed in town by an electric cart. The carts were always available to catch back to the hotel as well."
"The room is big, clean and the bed is very comfortable. The hotel is also quite and there isn't noise at night or early in the morning. The breakfast buffet is good, great variety and plenty of food."
2. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
#2 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
3. Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
#3 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
4. Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
#4 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"In fact I saw no other guests. One slice each of processed ham & cheese, cucumber & tomato, toast not even slighty brown."
"View is nice and the rest of the room was fine."
5. Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
#5 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
6. Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
#6 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
7. Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
#7 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Very friendly staff who gave us lots of information on tours, restaurants etc. They arranged a tour for us and bike rental. The rooms were clean and the bathroom was spacious with a good shower."
"Lovely pool on the top floor, with great views."
8. Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#8 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town."
9. Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
#9 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover."
10. Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#10 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
11. Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
#11 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
12. Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#12 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
13. Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
#13 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
14. My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#14 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
15. Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
#15 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
16. Monte Carlo Hotel
9 reviews
#16 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Positives - woman at the front desk was VERY helpful in escorting me to my room, setting up a breakfast in bed for me in the morning and ordering me a car from hotel to ferry port. Location is very close to airport..."
"Large rooms generally pretty clean. Odd smell though. Western bathrooms clean. Not super clean, just got k. Internet access and computer in room. But computer had so many viruses I did not use. I would not..."
17. Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
#17 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!"
"We came here with a two day tour and extended our stay in the resort by three nights. Ocean Tours is very well organised, so everything went smoothly. We went kayaking (day one, in Halong Bay) and cycling (day two..."
18. Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
#18 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell..."
"Nice and Clean hotel. The Beds are a bit hard. But the room have a decent size. Its quite affordable. There wasnt much to do around but it was night stay on my way to Cat Ba island. The staff have difficulty in..."
19. Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
#19 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast..."
"Room looked ok but the beds had obviously not been cleaned since the last guests. Felt very dirty. Breakfast was very basic (bread, jam and option for eggs). Did the job for an overnight stay but I wouldn't choose..."
20. Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
#20 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus!"
21. Dong Duong Hotel
19 reviews
#21 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"I really enjoy the comfy of real mattress after a long 2 days mountain trek. The room is average. Everything is clean. Nothing special. There is a tv inside the room which made my stay even more relaxed. The staff..."
"We stayed in this hotel for just one night because we had to go to the airport very early in the morning. For this night it was ok and cheap. The location is not very nice ans its busi there. The room was clean but..."
22. Ngoc Lan Ahn
#22 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English, got..."
"Our visit at the island was a two-day trip. Thanks God we stayed at this hotel only for one night! At the harbor we met our driver who, without any word, took us to the hotel. As a part of the tour we also had a..."
23. Classic Hoang Long
#23 Best Value of 23 Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
"In the morning, nothing was served at the restaurant though breakfast was included in our booking."
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh Province
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Pamplemousses District
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Family Resorts
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsCheap
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
23.1 miles from Hai Phong
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Rooms are big and clean and the location is great. There are restaurants and grocery nearby."
"Rooms are mid size for 3 pax and location is fine nearby small eateries serving Vietnamese food."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
Golden Halong Hotel
22.3 miles from Hai Phong
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Sunlight Hotel
2 reviews
22.5 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Crown Hotel
20 reviews
23.2 miles from Hai Phong
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
23.5 miles from Hai Phong
#77 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
24.5 miles from Hai Phong
#14 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Cheap Hotels information
Cheap Hotels Hai Phong
23
Cheap Hotels Prices From
$13
Cheap Hotels Reviews
3,429
Cheap Hotels Photos
2,726
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any cheap hotels in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which cheap hotels are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Hai Phong?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have rooms with great views?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong are romantic?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any cheap hotels in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
23 of 813
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover.
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean
cheap
and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
