Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
2023
301. La Siesta Hoi An Resort & Spa
6,382 reviews
132 Hung Vuong | Thanh Ha, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#301 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“While the property with it's amenities will blow you away, it's the service that captured our hearts. We were warmly greeted and tended to by Vi. She gave us the utmost care and attention during our visit to Hoi…”
Top Rated
302. Hoi An Delicacy Hotel & Spa
903 reviews
116 Hung Vuong Street | Thanh Ha, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#302 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A beautiful and modern Hotel. The beds were super comfortable and the shower the best we had in our trip. A great rooftop bar and staff we beautiful view of city. They had a nice happy hour and delicious breakfast...”
303. Lavini Hoian Boutique Villa
274 reviews
Opposite 63 Ly Thai To Street | Cam Chau-Hoian, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#303 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Located in the middle of rice fields, this magical villa has been my home for a week. The hospitality has been extremely kind and accommodating. The views from the villa into the rice fields have been relaxing and...”
304. Victoria Hoi An Beach Resort & Spa
3,375 reviews
Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An, Vietnam
#304 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We wanted to stay at beach and our agent recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...”
305. Hoi An Dream City Hotel
165 reviews
39 Tran Cao Van Street, Hoi An, Vietnam
#305 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The location is great the value and service are excellent. Staff the best and very helpful and friendly. I have Stayed here long term for two years and will do so again and again. I come here on business every...”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Visit hotel website
306. Thien Thanh Central Boutique Hotel
741 reviews
16 Ba Trieu Street | Hoi An Town, Hoi An, Vietnam
#306 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed for 3 nights. Hotel room was comfortable. Beds were great. Air con was fine but not the most powerful. Hotel only had air con in rooms rather than communal areas. Breakfast was delicious. Fruit, yoghurt...”
307. KOI Resort & Spa Hoi An
714 reviews
Au Co Street | Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#307 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...”
308. Venus Hotel & Spa
1,182 reviews
116 Hung Vuong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#308 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Lovely hotel with good equipment, beautiful inside pool. The staff was friendly and efficiently. The location was not good, so far from Hoi an ancient town, but you can borrow some complimentary bicycle, really nice!”
309. Hoa My II Hotel
200 reviews
44 Tran Cao Van, Hoi An 70000, Vietnam
#309 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I couldn’t fault a thing from our lovely stay in Hoi An. Staff were excellent, so welcoming and helpful. The room was gorgeous, spacious and clean. There’s a small swimming pool inside which would be great for…”
310. Hoian Nostalgia Hotel & Spa
94 reviews
103A Hung Vuong | Thanh Ha Ward, Hoi An, Vietnam
#310 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing place to stay! The staff are super helpful and friendly, they speak very good English! Special thanks to them for booking trips to various places and recommending where to eat etc. Lovely room with a view…”
Monarque Hotel
3,034 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
311. Indochine Hoi An Riverside Hotel & Spa
111 reviews
87 Cua Dai St, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#311 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“fantastic older style hotel close to beach area. They have a shuttle bus running into the main town area at very regular intervals. Its only a short distance and very cheap by taxi. Breakfast is plentiful and very...”
312. Anmira Resort & Spa Hoi An by The Unlimited Collection
1,452 reviews
276 Cua Dai Road, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#312 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...”
313. Hoi An Paradise Villa
18 reviews
278/7 Ly Thuong Kiet, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#313 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Iv stayed in many places but this beats all of them, beautiful hotel, run by an amazing family, great for family's or solo travverlers, beautiful kept rooms and a beautiful pool to chill N relax not far from…”
314. Aurora Riverside Hotel and Spa
93 reviews
242 Cua Dai, Hoi An 84-510, Vietnam
#314 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very pleasant stay. The rooms clean and comfortable. The breakfasts were good. Swam in the pool every day. The pool is well maintained. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel provided free bicycles…”
315. Thien Nga Hotel
316 reviews
52 Ba Trieu St., Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#315 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We spent 10 days there and really liked the location. It's a very short walk to the river and far enough away from the throngs that go there. This isn't a fancy place and breakfast is good but limited. Maybe I…”
316. The Villa Hoi An Boutique Hotel
33 reviews
91 Cua Dai | Cam Chau Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#316 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...”
317. Legend Connect Homestay
20 reviews
72/4 Thai Phien, Phuong Minh An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#317 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This guesthouse is a must stay! Thuong the receptionist was amazing. She was so incredibly friendly and helpful throughout the stay that we ended up extending. She helped organise tours and buses and just went…”
318. Ahoy Hoi An Boutique Resort & Spa
92 reviews
300/8 Cua Dai Street | Cam Son, Hoi An, Vietnam
15.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#318 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent boutique hotel . Very good staff , Dung greeted us late at night and made sure we had dinner and drinks before the kitchen closed. Lovely French colonial hotel with big comfy bed and a range of food...”
319. Thuy Duong 3 Hotel
708 reviews
92-94 Ba Trieu St, Hoi An, Vietnam
#319 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed at this hotel during my Intrepid tour and it provided a wonderful experience. The hotel holds an elegant style and the rooms were both comfortable, clean and a very decent size. The swimming pool was also...”
320. Gioan Boutique Villa
11 reviews
222/17 Ly Thuong Kiet | Sơn Phong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#320 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I recently stayed here and would definitely recommend it to others. My room was large and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful - arranged some great tours for me, recommended a tailor, etc…”
321. Hoi An Travel Lodge Hotel
421 reviews
126 Nguyen Truong To, Hoi An, Vietnam
#321 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very happy with the helpful staff who helped us to book excursions, transfers, etc. They also suggested local places for food and they were good experiences. Hotel is walking distance from the ancient town and the...”
322. Hoi An Viet House Homestay
218 reviews
22 Tran Cao Van street, Hoi An, Vietnam
#322 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The room was big and clean with good AC. I slept really peacefull in the room. The owner is friendly and helpfull (for example, with booking a bus or cooking class). You can rent bicycles for daytrips for a fair...”
323. May's House
14 reviews
108 Thai Phien | Son Phong, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#323 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It’s like having your own HOME in Hoi An! I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was perfect for 1 person, if you are traveling solo. The location is amazing — quiet, safe, and close enough to walk into Old Town...”
324. Hoi An Pho Library Hotel
1,387 reviews
96 Ba Trieu St., Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#324 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A very charming building with a great deal of character. The rooms were clean and well appointed. The rooftop swimming pool was absolutely a life saver! So clean and well kept. You could also order a drink. The...”
325. Nhi Nhi Hotel
953 reviews
60 Hung Vuong Street, Hoi An 0510, Vietnam
#325 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...”
326. Hoi An Lilac Hotel
199 reviews
30 Ba Trieu Street, Hoi An, Vietnam
#326 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I have in the past stayed at this hotel many times and enjoyed my stay. The food,breakfast was very done and tasty. The staff are great , very helpful and friendly. I would have stayed this trip as well, but I...”
327. Huy Hoang Garden Hotel
213 reviews
103 Hung Vuong Street, Hoi An, Vietnam
#327 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Booking this hotel for the short holiday with my husband and our 2 years old daughter but could not stay here. The hotel itselft is nice but too old, the Superior room is small, terrible bathroom with the smelt…”
328. Allegro Hoi An - A Little Luxury Hotel & Spa
4,124 reviews
Block 2 - 86 Tran Hung Dao, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#328 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Sophie Sam was wonderful and friendly during our stay in Allegro Hoi An. The staffs always make sure we have a pleasant stay. Thank you so much for everything. We will come back in the near future and recommend to...”
329. Mad Monkey Hoi An
7 reviews
250 C_a D_i, C_m Son, Hoi An 51000, Vietnam
#329 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Such an insane hostel with so many social events to get involved in! The staff and the food are lovely and had an overall insane experience here! The hostel is in a sick location perfect distance from the beach…”
330. Phong Phu Villa Hoi An
13 reviews
34 A Tran Cao Van | Minh An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#330 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We recently stayed with Phong Phu Villa in Hoi An and we highly recommended it. Despite being a little bit tired, the hotel was immaculately clean. Its ideal location puts it within easy walking distance of…”
Previous
Next
1…910111213…
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
132 Hung Vuong
Thanh Ha
Hoi An 560000,
While the property with it's amenities will blow you away, it's the service that captured our hearts. We were warmly greeted and tended to by Vi. She gave us the utmost care and attention during our visit to Hoi…
While the property with it's amenities will blow
you away, it's the service that captured our hearts. We were warmly greeted and tended to by Vi. She gave us the utmost care and attention during our visit to Hoi…
116 Hung Vuong Street
A beautiful and modern Hotel. The beds were super comfortable and the shower the best we had in our trip. A great rooftop bar and staff we beautiful view of city. They had a nice happy hour and delicious breakfast...
A beautiful and modern Hotel. The beds were super
comfortable and the shower the best we had in our trip. A great rooftop bar and staff we beautiful view of city. They had a nice happy hour and delicious breakfast...
Opposite 63 Ly Thai To Street
Cam Chau-Hoian
Located in the middle of rice fields, this magical villa has been my home for a week. The hospitality has been extremely kind and accommodating. The views from the villa into the rice fields have been relaxing and...
Located in the middle of rice fields, this
magical villa has been my home for a week. The hospitality has been extremely kind and accommodating. The views from the villa into the rice fields have been relaxing and...
Cua Dai Beach
Hoi An,
We wanted to stay at beach and our agent recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...
We wanted to stay at beach and our agent
recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...
39 Tran Cao Van Street
The location is great the value and service are excellent. Staff the best and very helpful and friendly. I have Stayed here long term for two years and will do so again and again. I come here on business every...
The location is great the value and service are
excellent. Staff the best and very helpful and friendly. I have Stayed here long term for two years and will do so again and again. I come here on business every...
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
16 Ba Trieu Street
Hoi An Town
We stayed for 3 nights. Hotel room was comfortable. Beds were great. Air con was fine but not the most powerful. Hotel only had air con in rooms rather than communal areas. Breakfast was delicious. Fruit, yoghurt...
We stayed for 3 nights. Hotel room was
comfortable. Beds were great. Air con was fine but not the most powerful. Hotel only had air con in rooms rather than communal areas. Breakfast was delicious. Fruit, yoghurt...
Au Co Street
Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...
Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with
beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...
116 Hung Vuong
Lovely hotel with good equipment, beautiful inside pool. The staff was friendly and efficiently. The location was not good, so far from Hoi an ancient town, but you can borrow some complimentary bicycle, really nice!
Lovely hotel with good equipment, beautiful
inside pool. The staff was friendly and efficiently. The location was not good, so far from Hoi an ancient town, but you can borrow some complimentary bicycle, really nice!
44 Tran Cao Van
Hoi An 70000,
I couldn’t fault a thing from our lovely stay in Hoi An. Staff were excellent, so welcoming and helpful. The room was gorgeous, spacious and clean. There’s a small swimming pool inside which would be great for…
I couldn’t fault a thing from our lovely stay in
Hoi An. Staff were excellent, so welcoming and helpful. The room was gorgeous, spacious and clean. There’s a small swimming pool inside which would be great for…
103A Hung Vuong
Thanh Ha Ward
Amazing place to stay! The staff are super helpful and friendly, they speak very good English! Special thanks to them for booking trips to various places and recommending where to eat etc. Lovely room with a view…
Amazing place to stay! The staff are super
helpful and friendly, they speak very good English! Special thanks to them for booking trips to various places and recommending where to eat etc. Lovely room with a view…
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
87 Cua Dai St
fantastic older style hotel close to beach area. They have a shuttle bus running into the main town area at very regular intervals. Its only a short distance and very cheap by taxi. Breakfast is plentiful and very...
fantastic older style hotel close to beach area.
They have a shuttle bus running into the main town area at very regular intervals. Its only a short distance and very cheap by taxi. Breakfast is plentiful and very...
276 Cua Dai Road
Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...
Stayed in the Tropica Junior Suite. The room was
very unique and it even came with an outdoor Jacuzzi. The Staff on property were very attentive and hospital. Staying here made me feel like home away from home...
278/7 Ly Thuong Kiet
Iv stayed in many places but this beats all of them, beautiful hotel, run by an amazing family, great for family's or solo travverlers, beautiful kept rooms and a beautiful pool to chill N relax not far from…
Iv stayed in many places but this beats all of
them, beautiful hotel, run by an amazing family, great for family's or solo travverlers, beautiful kept rooms and a beautiful pool to chill N relax not far from…
242 Cua Dai
Hoi An 84-510,
Very pleasant stay. The rooms clean and comfortable. The breakfasts were good. Swam in the pool every day. The pool is well maintained. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel provided free bicycles…
Very pleasant stay. The rooms clean and
comfortable. The breakfasts were good. Swam in the pool every day. The pool is well maintained. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel provided free bicycles…
52 Ba Trieu St.
Hoi An 51000,
We spent 10 days there and really liked the location. It's a very short walk to the river and far enough away from the throngs that go there. This isn't a fancy place and breakfast is good but limited. Maybe I…
We spent 10 days there and really liked the
location. It's a very short walk to the river and far enough away from the throngs that go there. This isn't a fancy place and breakfast is good but limited. Maybe I…
91 Cua Dai
Cam Chau Ward
We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...
We spent two nights at this lovely hotel and
cannot praise it enough. The welcome from the staff was wonderful - thank you Eric and Dung for your kindness and help. This is a beautiful, spotlessly clean, modern...
72/4 Thai Phien, Phuong Minh An
This guesthouse is a must stay! Thuong the receptionist was amazing. She was so incredibly friendly and helpful throughout the stay that we ended up extending. She helped organise tours and buses and just went…
This guesthouse is a must stay! Thuong the
receptionist was amazing. She was so incredibly friendly and helpful throughout the stay that we ended up extending. She helped organise tours and buses and just went…
300/8 Cua Dai Street
Cam Son
Excellent boutique hotel . Very good staff , Dung greeted us late at night and made sure we had dinner and drinks before the kitchen closed. Lovely French colonial hotel with big comfy bed and a range of food...
Excellent boutique hotel . Very good staff , Dung
greeted us late at night and made sure we had dinner and drinks before the kitchen closed. Lovely French colonial hotel with big comfy bed and a range of food...
92-94 Ba Trieu St
I stayed at this hotel during my Intrepid tour and it provided a wonderful experience. The hotel holds an elegant style and the rooms were both comfortable, clean and a very decent size. The swimming pool was also...
I stayed at this hotel during my Intrepid tour
and it provided a wonderful experience. The hotel holds an elegant style and the rooms were both comfortable, clean and a very decent size. The swimming pool was also...
222/17 Ly Thuong Kiet
Sơn Phong
I recently stayed here and would definitely recommend it to others. My room was large and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful - arranged some great tours for me, recommended a tailor, etc…
I recently stayed here and would definitely
recommend it to others. My room was large and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful - arranged some great tours for me, recommended a tailor, etc…
126 Nguyen Truong To
Very happy with the helpful staff who helped us to book excursions, transfers, etc. They also suggested local places for food and they were good experiences. Hotel is walking distance from the ancient town and the...
Very happy with the helpful staff who helped us
to book excursions, transfers, etc. They also suggested local places for food and they were good experiences. Hotel is walking distance from the ancient town and the...
22 Tran Cao Van street
The room was big and clean with good AC. I slept really peacefull in the room. The owner is friendly and helpfull (for example, with booking a bus or cooking class). You can rent bicycles for daytrips for a fair...
The room was big and clean with good AC. I slept
really peacefull in the room. The owner is friendly and helpfull (for example, with booking a bus or cooking class). You can rent bicycles for daytrips for a fair...
108 Thai Phien
Son Phong
It’s like having your own HOME in Hoi An! I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was perfect for 1 person, if you are traveling solo. The location is amazing — quiet, safe, and close enough to walk into Old Town...
It’s like having your own HOME in Hoi An! I
really enjoyed my stay here. The room was perfect for 1 person, if you are traveling solo. The location is amazing — quiet, safe, and close enough to walk into Old Town...
96 Ba Trieu St.
A very charming building with a great deal of character. The rooms were clean and well appointed. The rooftop swimming pool was absolutely a life saver! So clean and well kept. You could also order a drink. The...
A very charming building with a great deal of
character. The rooms were clean and well appointed. The rooftop swimming pool was absolutely a life saver! So clean and well kept. You could also order a drink. The...
60 Hung Vuong Street
Hoi An 0510,
The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...
The staff at Nhi Nhi hotel are super helpful and
friendly. This hotel is also located SO CLOSE to where the old town of Hoi An is (where everything happens) that it's so so convenient. You can walk there in 7mins...
30 Ba Trieu Street
I have in the past stayed at this hotel many times and enjoyed my stay. The food,breakfast was very done and tasty. The staff are great , very helpful and friendly. I would have stayed this trip as well, but I...
I have in the past stayed at this hotel many
times and enjoyed my stay. The food,breakfast was very done and tasty. The staff are great , very helpful and friendly. I would have stayed this trip as well, but I...
103 Hung Vuong Street
Booking this hotel for the short holiday with my husband and our 2 years old daughter but could not stay here. The hotel itselft is nice but too old, the Superior room is small, terrible bathroom with the smelt…
Booking this hotel for the short holiday with my
husband and our 2 years old daughter but could not stay here. The hotel itselft is nice but too old, the Superior room is small, terrible bathroom with the smelt…
Block 2 - 86 Tran Hung Dao
Sophie Sam was wonderful and friendly during our stay in Allegro Hoi An. The staffs always make sure we have a pleasant stay. Thank you so much for everything. We will come back in the near future and recommend to...
Sophie Sam was wonderful and friendly during our
stay in Allegro Hoi An. The staffs always make sure we have a pleasant stay. Thank you so much for everything. We will come back in the near future and recommend to...
250 C_a D_i, C_m Son
Such an insane hostel with so many social events to get involved in! The staff and the food are lovely and had an overall insane experience here! The hostel is in a sick location perfect distance from the beach…
Such an insane hostel with so many social events
to get involved in! The staff and the food are lovely and had an overall insane experience here! The hostel is in a sick location perfect distance from the beach…
34 A Tran Cao Van
Minh An
We recently stayed with Phong Phu Villa in Hoi An and we highly recommended it. Despite being a little bit tired, the hotel was immaculately clean. Its ideal location puts it within easy walking distance of…
We recently stayed with Phong Phu Villa in Hoi An
and we highly recommended it. Despite being a little bit tired, the hotel was immaculately clean. Its ideal location puts it within easy walking distance of…
1
…
9
10
11
12
13
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
