Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Kim Lan Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
374 reviews
In Can Tho
#3 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Went here for a night, was good for that purpose. Good location and friendly service. We asked for twin beds and got it without a problem. There was no window in the regular room which was a bit tough but other than..."
Can Tho Ecolodge
124 reviews
#5 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Can Tho Ecolodge lives up to its motto, "comfort, nature, local." This isn't a luxury resort, rather a down to earth place to stay with all the amenities you could possibly need. Being a country girl myself, I felt..."
"It was such a great finding. It's exactly what I was hoping to find to spend a couple of days in Can Tho. The rooms are clean, big and you can see their commitment with sustainability. They heat the water with solar..."
Minh Vuong Hotel
32 reviews
#13 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Rated the hotel very good but their main focus was to sell floating market tour. It wa utter rubbish. I had no guide and spent 5 hours in a boat with no life jacket and little to see. Hotel staff very good. "
"Clean, simple rooms. Super-cute fly owner and staff. Organised half-day trip to floating markets, scooter for sightseeing the countryside and bus transfers back to HCMC. Speak to owner Hiro for all you..."
Mekong Home Guesthouse
0 reviews
Thanh Binh Hotel
1 review
#57 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Ngoi Sao GuestHouse
9 reviews
#44 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Service: Than Than and her family are always willing to go the extra mile. They give you all sort of advice on local things and help you in organizing your onward travel and bus routes and that - rare in Vietnam..."
"Clean and peaceful place on the other side of the bridge, run by a lovely family very helpful for everything. It is a 20 min walking to the Centre, the only issue could be crossing the bridge on foot with all the..."
Hop Thanh 1
Hong Dao Hotel
#78 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Hotel is ok but I will never stay at this hotel again.. They ask me to pay every 3 days, it's annoying, and disrespect , no hotel ask you to pay every 3 days..also same boss . Hong dao2 hotel. This hotel is in..."
Hau Giang Suite Hotel
Magnolia's Can Tho
15 reviews
#17 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Well designed bed and bathroom with a little area to cook as well!! We spend two nights here and we loved it!! Downstairs there is a coffeeshop with amazing choices , you can even rent a motorbike and check out Can..."
"Loft studio is very clean and has beautiful interior design. While being a tad small it was fine for my one night stay. That being said I’d try the bigger room next time. All very reasonably priced. Bathroom is..."
Xuan Mai II Hotel
29 reviews
#86 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We booked an overnight stay in Xuan Mai 1 as part of a 2 day tour with delta tours. They wouldn't tell us the name of the hotel nor the location. When we eventually arrived we found the hotel had been fully booked..."
"We checked in here as part of a 4days Mekong Delta tour (booked with delta adventures, don't do it, do the trip yourself!), but we checked out after seeing the room. There were bugs in the bed, which is a big no..."
Royal Hotel Can Tho
Dona Hotel
2 reviews
#68 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I have stayed at this hotel for several times when travel to Can Tho. Overall this hotel is a good choice in Can Tho. It locates nearby Futa bus which operates daily bus between Saigon and Can Tho. The amenities are..."
Bon Bi Hotel
Thao Anh Guesthouse
#10 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed here for one night when we first arrived in Can Tho and were amazed by the size and tidyness of the room, as well as the proper functioning air conditioning. The staff is friendly and speaks English pretty..."
"We stayed here for one night in march. Coming to the room you get what you pay for. Nothing special, nor cleaner or dirtier than usual. Beds a little hard. But the price should already tell you not to expect luxury..."
Phuong Anh Motel
Thien Huong Hotel
Ngoc Lam Can Tho Hotel
Huong Sen 181 Hostel
Emerald Boutique Stay
#64 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The room was comfortable, large, light and airy. Reasonable location near lots of local restaurants. Quiet. Efficient air-con although the remote didn't work. Smart TV that worked perfectly. On the downside, the..."
Farmer Homestay
21 reviews
#10 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We really appreciated the warm generous hospitality of Bosa, Phoenix and their sons! As soon as we made the booking, Bosa contacted us to welcome us to his place and give practical information. He thoughtfully..."
"We spent 3 nights in farmer's homestays and It was an incredible experience. Bosa and Phoenix are fantastic people!we went to the floating market with him and he explained us a lot of things,suggestions about things..."
08 Homestay
Hotel 365 Luxhome Riverside Can Tho
Queenie House
#11 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Absolutely amazing service by owner and his employees. Spotless room, totally quiet neighborhood and our room wad beautiful, chearful and spotless clean!!! We absolutely wish we could have spent more than one..."
"We stayed here for 2 nights but will be certainly stay longer the next time we visit. The room was spotless and well presented, bathroom and shower clean and shower pressure great. But most of all the staff and..."
Khach San Tnk
Madella Hotel
8 reviews
#26 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Over the past few decades I have returned to CT many times to visit family. This hotel is smaller, but across the street from the largest super market in the city, adjacent to major streets and a short walk to the..."
"We stayed at the Madella for a little over 20 days in November. The staff was very friendly and accommodating, the room was decent sized and clean, and conveniently located within walking distance of many of Can..."
Hoang Phu Guesthouse
Tran Tam 2 Hostel
Nguyen Phuc Hotel
Fairy Land Homestay
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
10
11
12
13
14
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
