Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best All-Inclusive Family Resorts
All-Inclusive Family Resorts
Everything you need for a fun family vacation in one place.
Find your next getaway
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
Hotel Xcaret Mexico
12,654
Mexico
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
13,194
Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort
19,875
Honolulu, United States
Dreams Riviera Cancun Resort & Spa
12,104
Paradisus Cancun
19,416
Moon Palace The Grand - Cancún
12,925
Dreams Onyx Resort & Spa
10,925
Caribbean
Royalton Riviera Cancun
19,894
Things to know about All-Inclusive Family Resorts
Can kids go to all-inclusive resorts?
What kind of kid-friendly amenities do all-inclusive family resorts have?
Do kids stay free at all-inclusive family resorts?
What kinds of themes do all-inclusive family resorts have?
What's included in an all-inclusive family resort?
Sponsored Story
From Tripadvisor
6 all-inclusive, family-friendly resorts with spectacular pools
Whether you're looking for a private pool right outside your suite or a family-fun-sized resort pool, there's an option for everyone.
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's family all-inclusive resorts
Popular Islands
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Read more
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Cayman Islands
The Cayman Islands are made up of three islands: Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman. The largest, Grand Cayman has a cosmopolitan vibe, gourmet restaurants, world-class diving and the famous Seven Mile Beach. Cayman Brac is a nature lover's heaven of stunning diving and breathtaking walks along the rocky bluff. The smallest island, Little Cayman is home to just 150 people. Visitors enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and diving, especially Bloody Bay Wall, considered one of the world's best wall dives.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
St. Thomas
Like all of the U.S. Virgin Islands, St. Thomas has plenty of opportunities to lounge on the beach, splash in the sea, or amp it up with watersports. It also boasts a bountiful duty-free shopping scene – just be prepared to brave the cruise ship crowds. Charlotte Amalie swells with Danish colonial architecture and pirate legend. Shiver ye timbers at Blackbeard’s Castle, then work up an appetite by climbing the historic 99 Steps, constructed from the ballast bricks of 18th century Danish ships.
Cozumel
One of the top diving destinations in the world for its bright storybook coral reefs, the island of Cozumel is also home to a variety of natural beaches. Choose a beach with soft white sand for relaxing, or snorkel off a rockier vista. A destination for both adventure and romance, Cozumel has a year-round Caribbean climate, untrammeled jungle and abundant nightlife.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
Barbados
Romance and adventure are in the air on this lush West Indian island in the Caribbean, depending on your coast. To the west, you'll find calm waters and good swimming. To the east, there are massive, competition-caliber waves. Wherever you stay, expect turquoise waters, fine soft sand beaches, catamaran cruises and delicious island fare.
Antigua
Antigua has hundreds of beaches, from the bustling Pigeon Point to the kitesurfing paradise of Jabberwock Beach. It's fun to mix it up—a day spent in a secluded cove, another spent people-watching at a tourist magnet. When you’re tired of sun and sand you can shoot ‘em up at Reservoir Range, where archery and air pistols are a fun way to work out any lingering pre-vacation stress. A tour of the Antigua Distillery is a spirited way to experience a true taste of the island.
St Martin / St Maarten
Get the experience of visiting two island colonies in the same 37 square miles. Saint Maarten/Saint Martin's spicy marriage of Caribbean, French and Dutch cultures matches its physical diversity: the island is both urban and untamed, with rain forest-like landscapes, white beaches, and amazing caves and wildlife.
Isla Mujeres
Isla Mujeres offers a wide variety of tempting options for beach lovers, and is a relative bargain. Snorkel with tropical fish amid coral reefs, skim the blue waters by kayak or boat, or windsurf along the shores of soft, sandy beaches. On land, you can sunbathe, dine on seafood, dance to Latin rhythms, tour on a moped or belly up to the bar for fresh, delicious drinks.
Curaçao
Serious divers have long flocked to Curacao. Whether you’re looking for a challenging wall dive or a shallow snorkeling spot, you’ll find it here. Beaches, of course, are another big draw. With sugar-fine sand and calm waters, they’re perfect for kids. And make sure to explore Willemstad, Curacao’s capital city. Its charming pastel buildings and equally colorful history earned it recognition as a UNESCO World Heritage City.
Grand Bahama Island
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
Cuba
U.S. citizens still need to jump through a few hoops to visit Cuba, but as visitors from around the world know, this island offers some amazing opportunities for cultural exchange. Havana is a mix of old-world architecture and of-the-moment culture. Head out of the capital city to the small town of Trinidad to see more Spanish colonial architecture. It’s a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fantastic home base for a visit to the Valley of the Sugar Mills, a pocket of land that formerly served as the center of Cuba’s sugar industry.
Popular States
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
Pennsylvania
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Antalya Province
Province of Malaga
Montana
No matter where you look in Montana, you’ll find unspoiled nature, charming small towns and relaxing hospitality. Explore Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks, then hit the road to discover more natural wonders. You can hike, bike or horseback ride through rugged mountain landscapes, fly-fish blue ribbon trout streams, paddle scenic rivers and lakes, or spend winter days carving fresh powder at ski resorts — then end your day wandering a vibrant main street or relaxing in a cozy lodge.
Baja California Sur
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Quintana Roo
British Columbia
Province of Guanacaste
Santo Domingo Province
Province of Alicante
State of Sao Paulo
Izmir Province
Emirate of Dubai
Emirate of Fujairah
Ontario
Kerala
In this lush, tourist-friendly southern state, positioned between the Arabian Sea and the Western Ghats, beaches, waterfalls, rice paddies and verdant green hills create a postcard-perfect landscape. Houseboats traverse its many waterways, providing an intimate look at its rural terrain. Rejuvenation programs through Ayurveda (alternative, natural medicine) are popular here; the cool June and mid-October monsoon seasons are considered ideal for healing therapies.
Popular Cities
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Puerto Rico
Home to sprawling beaches, retail centers, and activity parks, the resort town of Puerto Rico is one Gran Canaria’s more family-friendly destinations. Subtropical temperatures and sunny skies make an ideal climate to soak up rays on golden sands or explore the volanic coast.
Cabo San Lucas
As a well-known destination for both spring breakers and A-list travelers in need of a getaway, Cabo San Lucas has definite vacation cred. The beaches here range in temperament, from the serene waters of the Sea of Cortez and Playa del Amor to the kickin’ waves of Zippers, a surfing paradise. If you care to romp with locals, head to the coves and rock formations of the Cannery beaches. Kids will have a blast communing with the local animals by swimming with dolphins or taking a camel ride through the Desert Park Natural Reserve.
Playa del Carmen
Playa del Carmen is one of the top diving destinations in the world, thanks to vibrant sea life and dazzling underwater caverns. On dry land, Playa is a hipper and more modern version of the fishing village it once was. Spend some quality time on the golf course or wave hello to the playful spider monkeys at The Jungle Place sanctuary. Explore the ancient ruins of the Coba Mayan Village, or get in some quality people-watching as you shop and stroll along 5th Avenue.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
Puerto Vallarta
Strolling, shopping, and sipping tequila along the Malecon boardwalk of Puerto Vallarta is the best way to kick off your vacation. Then hit the cobblestone streets of Old Vallarta to browse the flea market for handmade crafts. The calm, warm waters of the Bay of Banderas make for excellent diving, or you can just watch artists sculpt spectacular creations in the sand. The cluster of fine art galleries in El Centro are perfect spots to hit on a self-guided art tour.
Montego Bay
While this Jamaican spring break favorite is great for party animals, it can also be surprisingly low key – if you want. Montego Bay has excellent duty-free shopping, vibrant nightlife, and calm waters. Browse the local handicrafts at the open-air Harbour Street market, or the "hip strip" shops of Gloucester Avenue. The underwater crevices of Widowmaker’s Cave offer an intricate diving experience. Float serenely down the Martha Brae River on a bamboo raft and let your troubles melt away under the sun.
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
Negril
The resort town of Negril has some of the most beautiful coastline in the world. Seven Mile Beach is an inviting stretch of golden sand, perfect for sunbathing or taking a dip in the warm Caribbean Sea. Jump into the Blue Hole Mineral Spring for a rewarding adrenaline rush, then take in a kaleidoscopic sunset from the comfort of a beachfront bar.
Playa Mujeres
Just north of Cancun, this seaside resort community is a far cry from the spring-break crowd. Bordered on one side by the Mexican Caribbean and the other by a wetlands wildlife preserve, the vibe in Playa Mujeres is one of laid-back luxury in a natural, untouched landscape. Unlike many other such tranquil places, Playa Mujeres is not a pain to get to. It's an easy ride from Cancun airport.
St. John's
In St. John's, the capital city of Antigua, farmers markets, candy- colored architecture and the ruins of sugar plantations vie for attention with a kaleidoscope of coral reefs and sailing adventures. Salute the white baroque towers of St. John's Cathedral that dominate the skyline before joining the flocks of cruise passengers on a Heritage Quay shopping excursion. To experience the island's early cultures, visit the Museum of Antigua and Barbuda, housed in a 1750s colonial courthouse.
Antalya
Antalya is the fastest-growing city in Turkey, and tourists from around the world are discovering its fabulous mix of great beaches and traditional Turkish culture. Kids will love the Beach Park, which features Aqua Land (a waterslide-fanatic's dream) and Dolphin Land (home to dolphins, sea lions and white whales). Make sure to explore the old town center and to see Hadrian's Gate.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Ocho Rios
You're on island time the moment you set foot in Jamaica. Ocho Rios, a port of call for many cruise lines, also boasts some of the most luxe resorts and spas in the Caribbean. And once you've had your stresses melted away in the island sun, you can head out for a night of dancing and reggae music.
Puerto Plata
Well-priced, all-inclusive beach resorts are the norm around Puerto Plata. Take a cable car to the peak of Mount Isabel de Torres, enjoy a concert at an amphitheater facing the Atlantic Ocean, visit the 16th-century San Felipe Fortress. Explore the nearby falls of Damajagua, snorkel off the beautiful island of Cayo Arena or play a round of golf in spectacular surroundings. Then discover the neighboring towns of Cabarete, a kite-boarding hub, and Sosúa, a picturesque beach spot.
Side
Approximately 60 miles east of Antalya lies Side, another once important port town in antiquity. Side has become a popular holiday destination all by itself, but is well worth a day trip from Antalya. The village offers picturesque, narrow streets and lovely gardens while the long, white beaches invite swimming. Imposing monuments of antiquity, such as the Roman bath and the columns of the Apollo temple by the sea, complete the picture of a perfect combination of modern-day vacation pleasure and the treasures of history.
Mazatlan
It's a historic capital. It's a beach resort. It's a lively, romantic town. Whatever you look for in a Mexican vacation is on the menu in Mazatlan. Returning travelers rave about the welcoming Mazatlecos, who treat you like old amigos, as well as the beaches, the food, the weather, the music and the feeling of never wanting to leave.
Boscobel
Akumal
Akumal means "Place of the Turtle" in the Mayan language, and if you snorkel here, you just might see one swimming alongside you. (Don’t touch it, though. That’s prohibited by law.) You’ll definitely see coral and beautiful fish in the clear, sparkling waters. This tourist-friendly little town is about an hour south of Cancun—but it seems light-years away.
Punta de Mita
Yearning for the laidback feel of a rural fishing village with white sand beaches, combined with the luxuries and mild year-round weather of the Mexican Riviera? Punta Mita has all this plus championship golf, diving, sport fishing, surfing, sailing, sea kayaking, whale watching, mountain biking, hiking, horseback riding, Jeep tours, and rainforest excursions. Walk into town for beachfront restaurant dining and Pacific Ocean sunsets. Kids can safely swim at Playa El Anclote, where the rock jetties calm the shallow waters near restaurant row. Surf El Anclote’s long slow waves. Or seek out those special surfing spots along the coast, like near Punta Sayulita. Enjoy kayaking. Take the family sailing. Tee off overlooking the breezy blue waters of the Pacific Ocean at the Jack Nicklaus-designed Pacifico Course, rated among the best in Latin America. Pacifico is renowned for its optional 19th hole, the “Tail of the Whale,” a 199-yard par-three where you tee off over the Pacific Ocean onto a large island green. The Bahia, another Nicklaus-designed championship course, has six ocean holes, and is lined by beach sands and gated resort properties controlling course access. The Bahia Banderas (Bay of Banderas) and north towards Sayulita is great for fishing and diving volcanic tunnels, or just watching whales, dolphins, turtles, and ocean birds. Snorkel color-splashed shallow reefs. Spend a day on a ponga, a motorized open-bow fishing boat in search of mahi-mahi (dorado), pugnacious pargo (big cubera snapper), Pacific sailfish, fighting roosterfish, yellowfin tuna, and bonita. From Islas Marietas and El Morro to La Corbetena and El Banco, the diving opportunities are numerous.
Popular Countries
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
Belize
According to famed diver Jacques Cousteau, the Great Blue Hole of Belize is one of the most spectacular dive sites on earth. The crystal-clear sapphire waters are home to colorful tropical fish and several species of reef sharks – ideal for brave divers who love to get up close and personal with sea life. On dry ground, diverse rainforests, mangrove swamps, and Mayan ruins are perfect for exploration. The beaches of Belize are sunny and tranquil spots for a day of relaxation.
Türkiye
Risen from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, Türkiye is a land of cities and countryside, of ancient ruins and contemporary culture. Splash around the mud baths of Dalyan or scramble around the volcanic rock of Goreme. Visiting gorgeous Istanbul, of course, is a no-brainer. Whatever you do, don’t ever, ever skip coffee and desserts: enjoying flowery Turkish Delight and achingly flaky baklava is like a vacation for your taste buds.
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Canada
World class skiing, decadent European style cuisine, ornamental cathedrals, peaceful island life…Canada is a patchwork of thriving cities and majestic wilderness. Montreal beckons travelers with its French charm and booming cultural landscape. In Toronto, the Art Gallery of Ontario is a vision of Frank Gehry architecture and national artistic treasures. The gleaming mountain ranges of Banff set a stunning backdrop for an exploration of the Canadian Rockies.
Spain
From sun-drenched archipelagos and bustling urban cities to snowcapped mountains and semi-arid deserts, Spain epitomizes geographical diversity. As the meeting point of the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, this vast country offers some of Europe’s most dramatic landscapes, as well as some of its tastiest cuisine.
Croatia
Croatia makes quite a splash. With Grade 3 and 4 rafting and kayaking available on rivers that gush through lush forest, and sea kayaking on the coast, it's the perfect place to paddle. For a different pace, dive into the Adriatic's graveyard of vessels, clamber limestone cliffs or sail between 1200 islands.
United Arab Emirates
Nomadic tribal heritage and modern society co-exist in the UAE, a federation of seven emirates at the southeastern edge of the Arabian Peninsula. Look beyond the desert that consumes four-fifths of its area and you'll find UAE capital Abu Dhabi, an oil-rich city of skyscrapers, parks and malls, and Dubai, with its split personality of luxury resorts and covered marketplaces, upscale boutiques and local artisans. For a break from urban sprawl, journey over rolling red sand dunes into the Hatta Mountains, where the 200-year-old Sharia Mosque sits amid 30 restored buildings of sandalwood and mud.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Fiji
From the traditional Bobo massages to the therapeutic rays of South Pacific sun, the islands of Fiji offer visitors the ultimate in relaxation. Take a fragrant stroll through the botanical gardens of Nadi before settling in on the beach to watch the sun slip down for the night. Nap in the shade of a Savusavu palm tree, or float in the lagoons of Viti Levu. The waterfalls and lush rainforest of Taveuni Island are peaceful places to commune with nature at your own pace.
Portugal
Portugal’s Mediterranean charm is most prominent on the golden beaches of the Algarve; in the wilderness of the Azores islands; among the vineyards of Douro Valley; and on the cobbled streets of Lisbon and Porto, where old-world culture meets cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
Vietnam
The jungles and monsoon forests of Vietnam are diverse ecosystems that are alive with unique wildlife. Trekking is a popular activity here, particularly the mountains of Sapa and the primeval landscape of Cuc Phuong National Park. For a more urban escape, take a guided food tour of Ho Chi Minh City, making sure to squeeze in visits to the historic Hoi Truong Thong Nhat palace and the intricately adorned Emperor Jade Pagoda.
Austria
As home to majestic mountains, opulent palaces, and high culture, Austria's attractions are classically sumptuous and enduring. But beyond the waltzes, the strudels, the alpine summits, and Habsburg architecture, its modern cities are proof of just how easily Austria combines the contemporary with the historic.
Philippines
With more than 7,000 islands consisting of rice paddies, volcanos, mega-metropolises, world-class surf spots, and endemic wildlife, the Philippines is one of the most dazzling and diverse countries in all of Asia. Not to mention, it’s home to some of the world’s best beaches, too.
Panama
Malaysia
Malaysia is a beautifully complex vacation destination, a land where ancient rainforests give way to multicultural city life. Capital city Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, while in charming Melaka the vibe is more quaint and historical. Many of the country’s national parks offer opportunities for fantastic whitewater rafting, and the exclusive Sipadan dive site (off the east coast of Borneo) is among the best in the world.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
Africa
Central America
Asia
South America
South Pacific
Middle East
Best Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Find Family All-Inclusive Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
Port Saint Lucie Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Big Sky Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Hawley Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Highland Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Orillia Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Callaway Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Catskill Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Greenville Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Candler Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Sonora Island Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Majorca Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Gran Canaria Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Tenerife Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Crete Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Canary Islands Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Sardinia Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Cyprus Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Georgia Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Sicily Family All-Inclusive Resorts
France Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
St. Croix Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Grenada Family All-Inclusive Resorts
San Jose del Cabo Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Nuevo Nayarit Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Puerto Morelos Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Trinidad and Tobago Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Ixtapa Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Bavaro Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Martinique Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Antigua and Barbuda Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Bali Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Tahiti Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Sri Lanka Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Phuket Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Phu Quoc Island Family All-Inclusive Resorts
India Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Japan Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Lonavala Family All-Inclusive Resorts
French Polynesia Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Okinawa Prefecture Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Africa & Middle East
Sharm El Sheikh Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Marrakech Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Morocco Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Seychelles Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Mauritius Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Abu Dhabi Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Egypt Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Hurghada Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Kenya Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Cape Verde Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Central/South America
Colombia Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Brazil Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Roatan Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Honduras Family All-Inclusive Resorts
El Salvador Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Ambergris Caye Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Playa Flamingo Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Nicaragua Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Tela Family All-Inclusive Resorts
Venezuela Family All-Inclusive Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Tripadvisor
