Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang B&Bs / Inns
Minh House
95 reviews
#1 of 296 small hotels in Da Nang
104 To Hien Thanh 16 Can ho, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (197)
Traveler
(163)
Dining
(32)
Room & Suite
(10)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.6
Cleanliness
Service
Value
Minh House - To Hien Thanh is one kind of ecological apartment which is equipped with the modern and luxury things. Just walking a few steps, you can reach to the legendary My Khe beach. It takes you 4km to the airport, 1km to the center and 500m to the beach. You can enjoy the specialties everywhere. Welcome to Minh House.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Free breakfast
Airport transportation
24-hour security
Dry cleaning
Laundry service
Show more
Room features
Air conditioning
Room service
Kitchenette
Minibar
Refrigerator
Room types
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
3.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Charming
Trendy
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Good for walkers
Grade: 83 out of 100
83
Da Nang Airport
2.9 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.8 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
31 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Cardi Pizzeria Võ Văn Kiệt
75
3 min
$$ - $$$
Italian
Moc Seafood
321
5 min
$
Seafood
MAMA HOT POT Buffet - Võ Văn Kiệt
55
Torino Restaurant and Bakery
81
6 min
See all nearby restaurants
3 Attractions
KOTO CLUB DA NANG
7
Bars & Clubs
Fire - Fly Mobile Bar
2
Van's Touch
Speciality & Gift Shops
See all nearby attractions
95
Reviews
Q+A
4
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 79
Very Good 12
Average 3
Poor 0
Terrible 1
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(95)
English(52)
Chinese (Sim.)(23)
Chinese (Trad.)(23)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsbeautiful pool
Sort by:
Most Recent
Mario Valerio D wrote a review Dec 2019
Perth, Australia1 contribution2 helpful votes
Friendly personnel, excellent service
I and my wife have spent 5 nights in the hotel, which is situated in a secondary, quiet street, close to the beach. The hotel self has no sight outwards, but the rooms have their outlooks towards an inner yard, where there is a nice, small and aesthetically pleasant arranged swimming pool. The rooms are spacious enough and clean. The washing sink is separated from the actual bathroom, so that two persons can use the services at same time. The personnel is outstanding friendly and helpful; they all speak good English and provide all the attentions one can wish. The hotel provides also motorbikes to rent, so that we could ride around Da Nang and spend a nice vacation there. We have to thank them for their courtesy and the good mood they can spread around.
Read more
Date of stay: December 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
2 Helpful votes
Helpful
Share
daniel wrote a review Dec 2019
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia1 contribution
Excellent Stay
There are so much satisfaction to stay in this cozy place. We chose this place when we in Da Nang & we felt this is an excellent choice for both of us. Room is clean, staffs are all friendly & the location of this hotel is super convenient. If you manage to get the room with balcony, there is a plus point. Would like to hanks to a staff call Mya. She offer me a 10k dong as I finished my cash to enter the airport on last day. It makes my days for this little help. At last, the breakfast is awesome. Cooked by a pretty local aunty. Must spend the breakfast over Minh House. BRAVO
Haneya79 wrote a review Dec 2019
Singapore, Singapore49 contributions4 helpful votes
+1
Cozy House of Hospitality - a must visit
Exceptional hospitality from the time you step in till you check out, Ms Thu,Mya,Nhi & Kelvin were Amazing !! They were such amazing helpful Stars. The interior was like stepping into an oasis, cozy decor. Comfy beds, sweet aroma oil when you strip in. I wish,I had booked more extra nights here. It was so worth it! The rooms were neat, well equipped even with electric stoves & my room was pool access which was huge winner with my 7yr old. Morning breakfast was so my kind of quality over quantity. Good spread and eggs cooked to yr preference, Kelvin took a lot of care in the order & Also Emma the cook, her pho was so delish !! juices were also fresh. Location wise, very accessible to beach & Han market is literally 7mins by car/taxi. We even order grab food for dinner…
Lim T wrote a review Dec 2019
Brunei Darussalam2 contributions
Great Place
Cozy and beautiful place with friendly staff. Well maintained hotel with a clean swimming pool. Clean rooms with all the necessary amenities provided. Delicious breakfast which serve local food. Great place for friends and couples. The location is great as well with few minutes walk to the beach and most tourist attractions nearby.
Laurent K wrote a review Dec 2019
Mittelbergheim, France51 contributions6 helpful votes
Nice place, great value!
“Don’t judge a book by its cover!” This phrase definitely describe your arrival...located in a small street behind the main roads, the hotel welcomes you through a beautiful wooden double door. Definitely the team’s idea to have the main entrance closed for the reference of “family house”. When we arrived, the street was under refurbishment so quite bumpy. Upon your entry in the lobby, big smiles are welcoming you! I have never seen staff smiling that much... hospitality still means something in some places. We were then invited to seat down so the staff could provide us with all the relevant information for our stay. Minh House staffs are friendly and professional at the same time. Even though English is not their first language, they communicated without difficulty. As…
Zionkim wrote a review Dec 2019
4 contributions1 helpful vote
Minh house is best hotel ever for me
I got caught in a cab scam, and Sam was kind enough to fix It. And the breakfast is so delicious, the scenery is beautiful, and the room is clean and wide. All hotel staff also are friendly and relaxed.
1 Helpful vote
TinyBui wrote a review Dec 2019
3 contributions1 helpful vote
Just as good as I expected
I came back here for the second time this year. Everything was amazing just like the first time. What I liked the most was thể enthusiasm of the employee here, especially Kelvin. He was số kind and generous. I will definitely come back and recommend this to my friends in the future
Kelly S wrote a review Nov 2019
14 contributions1 helpful vote
Surprising Oasis in the Middle of Vietnam's Fast Developing City
Our group LOVED our stay at the Minh House! A surprising oasis in Da Nang- minutes walk from the ocean, street food, coffeeshops and souvenir shopping. My group was running late to an event and the staff met us at the entrance and offered to leave our things at the desk. They were always cheerful and accommodating. The rooms were pristine with water bottles, snacks and a view of the beautiful pool. The rain showers in the room, robes, and well lit sink areas were all among the highlights. We needed an extra bed in our room and they already had one there by the time we got in. The breakfast was wonderful- many local options to choose from. The day we left we had an early flight and the staff got up early to make us banh mi sandwiches and tea to eat before we went- at 6am! The…
Date of stay: November 2019
Him L wrote a review Nov 2019
11 contributions
Enjoyable stay, value for money
The boutique hotel is exactly what it looks like in the photos, very modern and stylish. Staff are extremely nice and always wear a smile. Breakfast was simple but tasty. A lovely chef who made good coffee! What I dislike though is the interior of room is quite old. Bed sheet, towels are quite grey and yellow. Checked the building was launched in 2016, couldn’t believe its aging that fast. Overall it’s a lovely stay- and value for money
Ian Pons wrote a review Nov 2019
Italian Riviera, Italy7 contributions
Happy hotel and feel like my house
The hotel was good. Great grab & go breakfast behind the lobby. Restaurant and swimming pool were nice too. Front desk people were courteous and checked us in quickly. Although the bed was too soft, all linens were clean. Excellent location. Very friendly staff, very clean. Had a great time would stay again.
Previous
Next
123456
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$31 - $43 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
16
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
MINH HOUSE $36 ($̶9̶7̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
View all photos
(197)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
2.9
mi
42.8
3
min
5
6
79
12
0
1
All languages
(95)
English
(52)
Chinese (Sim.)
(23)
Chinese (Trad.)
Mario Valerio D
Perth, Australia
1 contribution
2 helpful votes
Date of stay:
transparency report
daniel
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Haneya79
Singapore, Singapore
49 contributions
49
4 helpful votes
Exceptional hospitality from the time you step in till you check out, Ms Thu,Mya,Nhi & Kelvin were Amazing !! They were such amazing helpful Stars. The interior was like stepping into an oasis, cozy decor. Comfy beds, sweet aroma oil when you strip in. I wish,I had booked more extra nights here. It was so worth it! The rooms were neat, well equipped even with electric stoves & my room was pool access which was huge winner with my 7yr old. Morning breakfast was so my kind of quality over quantity. Good spread and eggs cooked to yr preference, Kelvin took a lot of care in the order & Also Emma the cook, her pho was so delish !! juices were also fresh. Location wise, very accessible to beach & Han market is literally 7mins by car/taxi. We even order grab food for dinner
Lim T
Brunei Darussalam
2 contributions
Laurent K
Mittelbergheim, France
51 contributions
51
6 helpful votes
“Don’t judge a book by its cover!” This phrase definitely describe your arrival...located in a small street behind the main roads, the hotel welcomes you through a beautiful wooden double door. Definitely the team’s idea to have the main entrance closed for the reference of “family house”. When we arrived, the street was under refurbishment so quite bumpy. Upon your entry in the lobby, big smiles are welcoming you! I have never seen staff smiling that much... hospitality still means something in some places. We were then invited to seat down so the staff could provide us with all the relevant information for our stay. Minh House staffs are friendly and professional at the same time. Even though English is not their first language, they communicated without difficulty. As
Zionkim
4 contributions
1 helpful vote
TinyBui
3 contributions
Kelly S
14 contributions
14
Our group LOVED our stay at the Minh House! A surprising oasis in Da Nang- minutes walk from the ocean, street food, coffeeshops and souvenir shopping. My group was running late to an event and the staff met us at the entrance and offered to leave our things at the desk. They were always cheerful and accommodating. The rooms were pristine with water bottles, snacks and a view of the beautiful pool. The rain showers in the room, robes, and well lit sink areas were all among the highlights. We needed an extra bed in our room and they already had one there by the time we got in. The breakfast was wonderful- many local options to choose from. The day we left we had an early flight and the staff got up early to make us banh mi sandwiches and tea to eat before we went- at 6am! The
Him L
11
Ian Pons
Italian Riviera, Italy
7 contributions
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
