Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay 5 Star Resorts
THE BEST 5 Star Resorts in Halong Bay
Halong Bay 5 Star Resorts
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Missing:5 StarResort
Luxury Halong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Halong Bay
#40 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This hotel was pleasant enough to stay at.. Clean large spacious rooms and a good bathroom ensured adequate comfort. Good value for money. The breakfast is simple. One has to tell them what time you want it and they..."
Ho Tay Hotel
11 reviews
#47 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel in the center. Nothing to do in the city, except for the boat trips. Don't book any activities/trips/tours/bus tickets through this hotel. They ask 800.000 Dong per person for a sleeping bus ticket to..."
"We went there on holidays, and the price seemed good at first, and a good location. However, we had many surprises : - the bed's matresses were so thin it was hurting us all night - the host gave us bad..."
Minh Thanh Hotel
0 reviews
Hoang Lan Hotel
16 reviews
#65 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A basic hotel room in an area with local eating spots, tour offices and within walking distance of Dragon World. Sleeping area was clean, but bathroom badly needed attention. Mold around the sink and wall and old..."
"The rooms are decent size and have hot water and television. WiFi worked well and was surprisingly fast! Otherwise, this is a pretty average place. Staff are a bit cold and unfriendly. Price is about average for..."
Paradis Hotel
Royal Ha Long Hotel
6 reviews
#22 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but..."
"Royal Halong is a Taiwainese style hotel. The staffs are friendly and useful. The lobby is so large and beautiful. The rooms are clean, large and modern. There is an indoor swimming pool and a small apartment gym in..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
Full House Hotel
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Thanh Dong Hotel
Matches:5 Star
Missing:Resort
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
Peace Hotel
#16 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"On a three week holiday in beautiful Vietnam and hoped to find a good massage whilst in Ha Long for the three days I was staying. I feel incredibly fortunate to have met Thuong who kindly and professionally talked..."
Thang Long Guesthouse
#32 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Lovely. Simply lovely. Highly recommend I experienced a great stay. Nguyen & Beo were the most helpful & accommodating hosts. Thank you for looking after me & for arranging my trips. I was looked after like a king. "
Mai Huong Guest House
Roma Star Hotel
2 reviews
#37 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Hoa Cuong Hotel
#37 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Was in this hotel during the Ha Giang loop, in Meovac. It's a low building, perfectly kept with great rooms. My room was in second floor facing the street but still was very quiet. The hotel was included in the..."
Halong Backpackers Hostel
19 reviews
#67 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The bar is the best place to be on NYE. The music started slow with Ed Shearing and moved on to rock. The beer was flowing and people were dancing until 4am. Great atmosphere. There were many Westerners from the USA..."
"The laundry service there made my clothes smelly. I have a smelly vacation in Halong bay. Although the staff can say English and helpful. Halong bay is rainy frequently. After 24 hours, the clothes are still wet..."
Phong Lan Hotel Halong
Hung Lam Resort
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Gia Ninh Hotel Ha Long
London Hotel
#23 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This accommodation is quite suitable for a long trip, cheap, nice and clean rooms well worth the money This place is right in the center of Ha Long City, about 1 km to the sun ring, where you can go to the largest..."
Mitu Ha Long Hotel
Don Hien 1 Hotel
#49 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Golden Halong Hotel
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Osaka Hotel
#48 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower..."
Sunrise Hạ Long Hotel
Tung Duong Hotel
Popular destinations for 5 Star Resorts
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Jomtien Beach
Paro
Emirate of Ajman
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Luxury Lodges
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
