Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Yoga Hotels
THE 10 BEST Yoga Hotels in Da Nang
Da Nang Yoga Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Yoga Classes
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Yoga Classes
2023
Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
183 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#11 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang! Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly and..."
Night Sky Hotel
325 reviews
In Da Nang
#102 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff here are very attentive, their English is good and they are always happy to help. They offer bicycles or motorcycles to use to tour around the city, although the hotel requires that you have an..."
"hot shower so clean there is pool so you can swim you can use motor bike in cheap price 5 min walk to the beach Nice space to chill outside Comfortable dorm and bathroom Very friendly staff Cheap ! i come back"
Green House Hotel
279 reviews
#104 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We had a really nice experience at Green House hotel. We got a warm welcome from the manager from the first step we came to the lobby , she is so sweet and friendly. She spent a time to share us about Danang..."
Aria Grand Da Nang Hotel & Apartments
144 reviews
#108 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff are friendly and helpful! Our room was on the 12th floor (no other rooms) nice and quiet, close to the pool and steam rooms. Sky Bar was not open during our time here. Great walking distance to..."
Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
#109 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking..."
"This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t..."
Central Hotel & Spa
218 reviews
#111 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff were very nice and welcoming. The hotel is situated in Da Nang city and is very easy to get everywhere either on foot or by using Grabs. Danang is much bigger than we first realised. We stayed in the..."
SEN Boutique Hotel
240 reviews
#112 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed here for a day and overall it was a nice stay. Rooms were spacious and clean. The breakfast served was simple but sufficient. The location is good, quite close to the beach. Some chairs are kept in front..."
"This hotel is beautiful and clean with the best owner and amazing staff. So friendly, they make you feel like family. The breakfast each morning is very good and the location is right near to the beach."
The Sail Hotel
68 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#7 of 71 hotels in My An
"Our stay was awesome at Sail ......Specially thanks to Tom for his hospitality... He is a ⭐... Thanks for making our stay special ... He makes some amazing coffee n is an amazing soul... Pls do visit this place..."
"Lovely hotel. Staff are so friendly and amazing and bend over backwards for you. I wasn’t keen on the tea so the following day and every day after the manager made sure I had one tea bag and cup of hot water to suit..."
All Inclusive
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#97 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I..."
voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
2.5 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend..."
Visit hotel website
Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
#113 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are separate..."
Bay Capital Da Nang Hotel
72 reviews
#36 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had a wonderful weekend experience at Capitals Lough with my friends. The drinks there were delicious, the staff were friendly, and I was especially impressed with Zumy, a petite and lovely girl. She opened the..."
"I am extremely impressed with the service and front-desk reception. The staff really go above and beyond to ensure that you are looked after. They are not only well-trained but also kind and sincere. There was one..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Da Nang Mikazuki Japanese Resorts & Spa
261 reviews
5.5 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 11 hotels in Lien Chieu
"My family came back to mikazuki again, this time make me very impressed with the outdoor water park and the service as well. We got early check in, our room very clean. We received luggage from Trung, he is a good..."
Star City Riverside Hotel By Haviland
247 reviews
#13 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"The hotel has the best view in Danang with the nicest staff and room. Breakfast with delicious local dishes, the room was very clean and cozy. Staff are so friendly and cooperative. I will come back here with my..."
Ana Maison Boutique Hotel
298 reviews
#119 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"For the price we pay we can not ask for more, you can not expect to pay 20€ for a room with breakfast, and get a 5 **** hotel, so the hotel was very good with a good breakfast Hotel 5 min walking to the beach and..."
Palmier Hotel & Apartment
168 reviews
#120 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Located very close to the Han River Bridge, facing the sea, it is very cool and can see the city from above. The room is decorated in fresh colors but in contrast to the oversized black toilet, the room is quite old..."
"Beautiful memory with my friends here, everyone is so nice. Place near supermarket, bar, restaurant with river view so you can walk and enjoy the city atmosphere. The decoration style is more like home give me a..."
Halina Hotel and Apartment
235 reviews
#116 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The pool has the best view ever. The rooms are decent in size and an awesome breakfast spread for vegetarian. The rates were pretty reasonable and the experience is as good as a 4 star hotel. It's only 2 minutes..."
One Opera Danang Hotel
212 reviews
#122 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed in this hotel for about a week at the ocasion of a scientific conference there and a few extra days. My stay there was very pleasant, the room comfortable and large, the breakfast abundant and in a nice and..."
Adaline Hotel & Suite
271 reviews
#123 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The location couldn't be better. The service couldn't be friendlier, and the room view couldn't be better. Really enjoyed my stay, thank you to all of the staff for being so accommodating and helpful. special thanks..."
Pavilion Hotel Danang
137 reviews
#124 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Fantastic 5 night stay Aug/Sept as a family of 4. Hotel is lovely - location fantastic near the beautiful beach and within walking distance of the night market (highly recommend) and dragon bridge. Rooms spacious..."
Greenery Hotel
101 reviews
#126 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Being a 3 Star hotel, we were really surprised with what we encountered. Met with the friendliest young chap at the reception, big spacious room and even a rooftop pool. The only negative we encountered was the slow..."
"It is worth for money! The staff is friendly, the room is good. The breakfast is delicious and come with local and international choices. One of my reason to choose this hotel is for the breakfast, it is important..."
Alan Sea Hotel Danang
127 reviews
#106 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge :) Very..."
"Everything is perfect except AC is not working well in my suites. At noon, the heat from the window is outperforming the AC easily. Food is great. Huge selection and it changes daily. Room is very clean and..."
Estrella Boutique Hotel
85 reviews
#43 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing view, pool, hotel and room design, staff… more than expected. Very well organised and the ladies at the reception speak English pretty well. It’s a four star hotel with European standards. I can recommend..."
"The location of the hotel is very strategic with lots of restaurants and marts nearby. The staffs are very friendly too. Besides, the breakfast is great. There are variety of choices and the food is delicious. Will..."
Sontra Sea Hotel
75 reviews
#60 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old..."
"The rooms are clean, tidy, fully furnished,. Especially cheap for which the service is too good. Free bicycles are available, free private parking... Near Linh Ung Pagoda and around there are eateries and..."
Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
124 reviews
#129 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever..."
"A very good hotel located on the beach front of Da Nang beach. Very quiet and exactly 56 steps from the beach which is very clean and very nice. The staff is very friendly, speak good english. Thr rooms are..."
Eden Plaza Da Nang Hotel
#128 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"me and my family went to vietnam to travel and stay at eden plaza hotel danang from June 30 to July 3 and received a warm welcome from people here, entered the hotel space is a large and clean campus, the hotel has..."
The Ocean Villas
341 reviews
#130 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The proximity to the beach is so nice, rooms are not remodel but are very equipped with all you need, the staff is very friendly and helpful specially Wilson at the front desk, we are currently in room 705B, Wilson..."
Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
237 reviews
#95 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Son was very helpful and kind. Breakfast was good so many food choices. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Da Nang. Beautiful hotel and close to everything you need especially food. The swimming very..."
Dylan Hotel Da Nang
126 reviews
#132 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This hotel has a great location close to the beach and is a great budget travel option. There are places to hire bikes very close by. There was a bit of a Vietnamese/Emglish language barrier with the staff, but it's..."
"This is the best hotel that i have ever. They have really friendly staff, if you have any problem; they will find the ways to help you as fast as possible. Moreover, the facilities look so good outside and inside..."
Parze Ocean Hotel & Spa
#133 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed at this hotel during the pandemic outbreak (Covid 19). I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, even helping with important documents, such as, Visa and travel paperwork. Ricky, the manager..."
"Would available recommend this hotel. Staff are great friendly and professional. The hotel manager Ricky is also extremely helpful and will help with anything, even if it's completely unrelated to staying in the..."
Yoga Hotels nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Yoga Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Canggu
Home to ultra-cool vegan cafés, beach bars, and boutiques, Canggu is a hipster’s paradise. The black sand of Echo Beach contrasts starkly with turquoise Indian Ocean waters, which are invariably peppered with surfers enjoying some of Bali’s best waves.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Samut Prakan Province
Chiang Mai Province
Mindoro
Krabi Province
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
Frequently Asked Questions about yoga hotels
What are the best yoga hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any yoga hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which yoga hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best yoga hotels in Da Nang?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
