Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
1. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
909 reviews
28 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Man Thai Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.1 miles from Lady Buddha
#1 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything Beach great Walk to mini market Pool has great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well stocked We will be back”
Visit hotel website
2. Grand Gold Hotel
345 reviews
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street, Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#2 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...”
3. Sontra Sea Hotel
75 reviews
Lo 41 Hoang Sa | Phuong Tho Quang, Da Nang 553690, Vietnam
1.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#3 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...”
4. Altara Suites
601 reviews
120 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#4 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...”
5. The Code Hotel & Spa
156 reviews
A2.3 Hoang Sa Street | Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent view of the sea and beyond with scenic sunrise and especially a glimpse of the Lady Buddha.”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
6. Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
An Cu 5 Residential, Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#6 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...”
7. Seashore Hotel - Apartment
160 reviews
15-16 Hoang Sa | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#7 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It is a nice place with beautiful view from the top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…”
8. Four Points by Sheraton Danang
714 reviews
118-120 Vo Nguyen Giap | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Lady Buddha
#8 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing location across the road from Danang beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...”
9. Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
96 reviews
No. 92 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Man Thai Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#9 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…”
10. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang
89 reviews
96 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...”
Monarque Hotel
3,034 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
11. voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...”
12. Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
124 reviews
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district | Tho Quang, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#12 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...”
13. Awaken Danang Hotel
69 reviews
148 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phu_ng Phu_c M_, Qu_n Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…”
14. Radisson Hotel Danang
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#14 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…”
15. Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
03 Vo Nghia, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...”
16. Haka Hotel & Apartment
203 reviews
71 Tran Dinh Dan, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...”
17. Alan Sea Hotel Danang
127 reviews
Lot A6 Le Duc Tho St. | Nại Hiên Đông, Sơn Trà, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…”
18. Parze Ocean Hotel & Spa
15 Duong Dinh Nghe | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#18 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed at this hotel during the pandemic outbreak (Covid 19). I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, even helping with important documents, such as, Visa and travel paperwork. Ricky, the manager...”
19. Nguyen Gia Hotel
14 reviews
T113 Hoang Sa, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine, very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...”
20. The Nalod Da Nang
453 reviews
192 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...”
21. Jazz Hotel
214 reviews
68 Vo Nguyen Giap, Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Lady Buddha
#21 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...”
22. Peninsula Hotel Danang
25 reviews
84 Vo Nguyen Giap | Phường Mân Thái, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“unbelievable view of the ocean, sunrise and also the Lady Buddha at a distance.”
23. Brilliant Majestic Hotel
48 reviews
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…”
24. Moc Lan Boutique Hotel
27 reviews
20 Phuoc Truong 8 | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dist, Da Nang 555555, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...”
25. Ponte Boutique Villa
37 reviews
104 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...”
26. M Boutique Danang
23 reviews
43 Vo Nghia Street, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...”
27. Mai Boutique Hotel
80 reviews
115 Ho Nghinh | Son Tra, Da Nang, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…”
28. Danaciti Hotel
26 reviews
80 Dong Kinh Nghia Thuc Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.”
29. Grand Jeep Hotel Danang
142-146 Ho Nghinh Street | Son Tra District, Da Nang, Vietnam
2.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#29 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Nice views,great for breakfast as well, comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...”
30. Ngoc Lan Hotel
21 reviews
64-66 Nguyen Xuan Khoat | An Hai Bac Ward, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The staff was very friendly on arrival the and check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Lady Buddha information
Hotels Near Lady Buddha, Da Nang
There are 2,578 Hotels close to Lady Buddha in Da Nang
Hotels Near Lady Buddha Reviews
There are 146,141 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Lady Buddha Photos
There are 164,567 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.06 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Lady Buddha
Do any hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have a pool?
Popular hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang that have a pool include:
Grand Gold Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
The Code Hotel & Spa - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Seashore Hotel - Apartment - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang?
Some of the best hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang are:
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang:
Wink Hotel Danang Centre - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang:
Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang are romantic?
These hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang:
Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
DLG Hotel Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang are good for families?
Families traveling in Da Nang enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Lady Buddha:
Do any hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang have a casino?
These hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang all have a casino:
Furama Villas Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Furama Resort Danang - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Silver Shores International Resort - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang allow pets?
These hotels near Lady Buddha in Da Nang generally allow pets:
Stella Maris Beach Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
28 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Man Thai Ward, Son Tra District
We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything Beach great Walk to mini market Pool has great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well stocked We will be back
We enjoyed staying here Staff fantastic Food very good Rooms clean Close to everything Beach great Walk to mini market Pool has
great view to Lady Buddha Pool bar is well
stocked We will be back
Lot 1-A2.2 Hoang Sa Street
Tho Quang, Da Nang 550000,
It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
It's a very good located at almost end of the
costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn...
Lo 41 Hoang Sa
Phuong Tho Quang
Da Nang 553690,
The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...
The hotel stays on beachfront, friendly staff and
service is good. We can use free bicycle to ride straight the sea side. The hotel is near many tourist attractions. From here we can rent a car to go to Hoi An Old...
120 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...
Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy.
All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to...
A2.3 Hoang Sa Street
Tho Quang Ward, Son Tra District
Excellent view of the sea and beyond with scenic sunrise and especially a glimpse of the Lady Buddha.
Excellent view of the sea and beyond with scenic sunrise
and especially a glimpse of the Lady Buddha.
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
An Cu 5 Residential, Vo Nguyen Giap Street
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...
We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang
Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good...
15-16 Hoang Sa
Son Tra
It is a nice place with beautiful view from the top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…
It is a nice place with beautiful view from the
top floor. The service was great, they are attentive, especially Huy Bellmann, and also servers in the restaurant! You can take a walk on the seashore, there is a…
118-120 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra District
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Amazing location across the road from Danang beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...
Amazing location across the road from Danang
beach. Staff kind, professional and helpful. Cost affordable. Accommodation clean and Beautiful. Food delicious and fresh. Easy access to grab, hired bikes for free to...
No. 92 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Man Thai Ward
I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…
I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at
the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram…
96 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...
직원분들도 친절하고 바다앞이라 뷰가 너무 좋았어요 가성비도 좋고 행복하게 쉬가 갑니다.
Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang. Hotel staff is friendly, thanks Nhung from reception because of your kindness upon check out. Because it faces the sea so the view is...
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
168 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay. Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
Great place in Danang. This is my 2nd stay.
Excellent. No complaints. Especially love Mr. Phu who is a restaurant staff and also love Chef Igor! Many star employees at this property. I highly recommend...
A2.3 Hoang Sa street, Tho Quang ward, Son Tra district
Tho Quang, Son Tra
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
A small hotel perfectly situated on the front
with an incredible sea view. Rooms are comfortable and cleaned regularly. It’s outside of the really busy tourist areas but a cheap taxi ride will get you to wherever...
148 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phu_ng Phu_c M_, Qu_n Son Tra
A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…
A very new hotel which I was fortunate to stumble
across in booking.com. Our stay of 2 nights was amazing we were there during a promotional period so was upgraded to a larger room with ocean views. The staff…
170 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was
very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking…
03 Vo Nghia
Da Nang 55000,
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we
were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's...
71 Tran Dinh Dan
Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...
Close to the beach and various restrauants staff
helpful and friendly breakfast great value and swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a...
Lot A6 Le Duc Tho St.
Nại Hiên Đông, Sơn Trà
Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…
Pretty good place to stay good view as well clean
and tidy, staff are very nice and very friendly Lovely comfortable and quiet room, located just outside the city (100,000d) for a taxi to the dragon bridge…
15 Duong Dinh Nghe
I stayed at this hotel during the pandemic outbreak (Covid 19). I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, even helping with important documents, such as, Visa and travel paperwork. Ricky, the manager...
I stayed at this hotel during the pandemic
outbreak (Covid 19). I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly, even helping with important documents, such as, Visa and travel paperwork. Ricky, the manager...
T113 Hoang Sa
We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine, very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...
We stayed for 2 nights, the hotel was pristine,
very clean and well maintained. The decoration is modern. The view from the balcony was delightful. The hotel provided a complimentary fruit platter which was a...
192 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...
My family and I had a decent time at Nalod. The
staff were friendly and attentive. The hotel itself is old but the rooms seemed newly remodelled, clean and well taken care of. Our rooms have an amazing beach view...
68 Vo Nguyen Giap, Son Tra
Da Nang,
Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...
Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there
aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are...
84 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phường Mân Thái
unbelievable view of the ocean, sunrise and also the Lady Buddha at a distance.
unbelievable view of the ocean,
sunrise and also the Lady Buddha at a distance.
121-123 Ho Nghinh Street
The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
The room was small but super clean and nice! We
have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made…
20 Phuoc Truong 8
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dist
Da Nang 555555,
I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...
I don’t usually write reviews or make effort to
leave comments - unless I’m REALLY happy with the services - such as this hotel here. The staff were lovely, courteous and extremely helpful. Service is 5/5 no...
104 Ho Nghinh
Son Tra District
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs
speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant...
43 Vo Nghia Street
Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...
Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when
stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big...
115 Ho Nghinh
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was
quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever…
80 Dong Kinh Nghia Thuc Street, An Hai Bac Ward, Son Tra District
We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.
We had a fantastic 5 night. The staff were
incredibly friendly and helpful, even letting us leave our baggage with them after checkout. Great pool facilities. And a fairly impressive breakfast buffet.
142-146 Ho Nghinh Street
Nice views,great for breakfast as well, comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...
Nice views,great for breakfast as well,
comfortable and clean rooms.Friendly employee,the hotel can walk to the sea. My kids love this place. Overall I'm satisfied with everything here!! If I have a chance to...
64-66 Nguyen Xuan Khoat
An Hai Bac Ward
The staff was very friendly on arrival the and check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...
The staff was very friendly on arrival the and
check in process went very smoothly and quick . We booked the double suite and it was identical as the photos (not common). It was a very clean and comfortable room...
1
4
5
6
…
Grand Gold Hotel
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
The Code Hotel & Spa
Seashore Hotel - Apartment
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Wink Hotel Danang Centre
Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang
DLG Hotel Danang
Furama Villas Danang
Furama Resort Danang
Silver Shores International Resort
Stella Maris Beach Danang
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
