Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Free Breakfast in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Breakfast included
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Viethouse Lodge
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
87 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"A large place, space and recreation, quiet and romantic. A beautiful location for a corner overlooking Halong Bay. There is a swimming pool to relax. The restaurant - style Asian, wide area. With my opinion the..."
"The room had a great view of Halong Bay. The owner of the hotel was very friendly and helpful. We had clean room with hot water and tv. The bar was well equipped. The food was great. Well served. The lady owner of..."
Ruby Halong Homestay
13 reviews
In Halong Bay
#22 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to..."
"The girls working there speak great English and make you feel very welcome. They gave us great travel advice and were very helpful. We also really loved the food and alcohol! The puppy and cats were so cute."
Hotel Bai Tu Long
1 review
#44 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Iris Hotel
12 reviews
#26 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff here are great and helped us a lot in preparation for our 1 night - 2 day trip to Ha Long Bay. They organised a private car transfer and day boat trip for US $72 per person (2 people traveling) which was..."
"Seemed to be a brand new hotel. Very clean, giant room and bathrooms, some toiletries provided, comfy bed, good wifi, quiet. In the city local type hotel... and very nice! They can set up tours and bus tickets..."
Central Halong Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Never rent this thong nhat 2 agiain the worst hotel I never seen, WiFi not working in the room drop connection all the times WiFi has signal but can not get connect to internet Have to go to main floor to get..."
Halong Ecolodge
9 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Halong bay is quite touristic and crowed, normal hotels are next to each other or close to the streets but this one is different. It is isolated from the rest, lies in the middle of a hill and has home-stay style..."
"After a few days in Hanoi, it was a great relief to stay there for a calm night in the middle of the nature. There was a karaoke in the main building that night but the private deluxe room for couple is quite far..."
Zostay Halong Backpackers
14 reviews
#46 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The location is convenient for those joining the halong bay international marathon. But we had a horrible experience staying here. We stayed at the mixed dorm. We booked earlier and we thought there was pre assigned..."
"I had the most amazing stay at Zostay Halong Backpackers. I stayed in the dorm room, good WiFi, delicious breakfast and all very clean. The hostel is in a great location with lots of cafes/restaurants nearby. The..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Ruby Ha Long Hotel
#39 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The view is really beautiful. If you like being quiet , it's good decision. You can talk ,chat or do something with local people around here . They are friendly , helpful. The saff hotel are good , too. "
Thuy Duong Hotel Ha Long
32 reviews
#66 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Room was dirty, had roaches, TV and outlets did not work, beds were bricks. The lobby had a running motorcycle giving of exhaust and people were asleep in there too. Gave two stars because at least the view from..."
"The woman and main owner is completely disinterested in helping you or conversing with you in any way. She stated she could not so our washing one day, for what reason I do not know why, she did not give me one. The..."
Zo Brother Ha Long Hostel
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#16 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
OYO 495 Entity Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Simple hotel in Halong Bay, Ok location with Restaurants and Shops near the hotel however i world recommend that you overnight on the boat as you get 3 meals and it is a great experience that i have heard from my..."
"The plugs don't work, rooms are noisy, staff unhelpful and suggested I get breakfast elsewhere, doors don't close, poor bathroom set up and the sink is falling away from the bench. Not worth it despite being cheap. "
Villa Gia An
2 reviews
#30 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I visited the hotell for one night together with my daughter. The hotell is very nice and clean. The best of all, we have never seen such a friendly service at a hotel before. We went back to Hanoi with a..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days over Christmas. The couple who run the hotel are so welcoming :) and cooked us lovely Vietnamese food on the balcony!!The rooms are spotless and stunning!Would highly..."
Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#11 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We stayed here 7 nights. The hotel has 22 rooms and is situated in the hart of the main village, 1,5 km for the most nearby beach. You can rent bikes or motorbikes at the hotel (about 5 dollar per day) The hotel..."
"One reason to stay here is the food - we were here for two weeks and it was great every night. The room is clean and cheap and they have their own tuk-tuk so you can arrange a pick up from the ferry port direct to..."
Top Rated
Danitel
#1 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Word can’t describe my stay Lovely hotel with high quality of facilities . Comfortable bed , big pool view the best view as a heart of Ha Long Bay . Staffs take care me a lot and support everything single..."
"A Great trip with Hien our lovely girl from Hanoi. We see a beautiful Halong bay on a great day on top service. For sure, we definitely will come back to vietnam and halong bay again to see you all. Thank you very..."
Visit hotel website
De Roses Ha Long
0 reviews
#21 of 21 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Breakfast included
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
3.5 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
#75 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here."
"We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
White Crown Hotel
0.6 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#92 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
Oreka Homestay Halong
Apartment Gia Bao Homestay - Green Bay Ha Long
Conek Tuan Chau
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Yangon (Rangoon)
Yangon (formerly known as Rangoon) is no longer the capital of Myanmar, but it has experienced a huge increase in tourism recently. Book early, as hotel rooms are sometimes hard to find! While you’re in town, the Shwedagon Pagoda, an immense, ancient Buddhist shrine, is a must-see—TripAdvisor travelers recommend visiting at sunrise or sunset.
Read more
Nara
Thirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. "Old Japan" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. Travelers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.
Manali
In Hinduism, Manu was said to have survived a great flood that destroyed the rest of the world. He then recreated mankind in this Kullu Valley town. What a rush, huh? No wonder the towering peaks and verdant terrain of Manali attracts adventure travelers, with heli-skiing, hiking, mountaineering and river rafting the favored active pursuits. Come down from your endorphin high by breathing deeply at the four-story, wooden Hidimba Devi Temple, which sits in the middle of a nearby deciduous forest, or take a medicinal soak in the hot springs burbling from the ground a 30-minute walk from town.
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Hurghada
Stunning coral reefs and turquoise waters perfect for windsurfing have made Hurghada, on Egypt's Red Sea Coast, a busy resort town. Within easy reach of the stunning Giftun Islands and the Eastern Arabian Desert, Hurghada has seen enormous amounts of development in the past decade—and yes, it does seem overrun with tourists at times. But it’s a relatively easy beach escape for Europeans, and some of the world's best diving and snorkeling sites are just offshore. Walk or catch a cab to explore the old quarter, El Dahar.
Yercaud
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Kitchenette
Hotels with Restaurants
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with complimentary breakfast
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
