Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Explore Maldives
Hotels
Things to Do
Travel Advice
Vacation Rentals
Restaurants
Travel Forums
Hire a Trip Designer
More
See all photos
AsiaMaldives
Plan Your Trip to Maldives: Best of Maldives Tourism
About Maldives
With 26 atolls and 1,000+ islands spread out across the idyllic waters of the Indian Ocean, the Maldives are an island-hopper’s dream. Below the water, there’s miles of coral reef that are home to thousands of species of marine life and underwater treasures. To get the best of it: Go diving at Broken Rock, snorkel with manta rays in Hanifaru Bay, or charter a boat to hit all the top spots. Then there’s the world above, which is known for its beautiful beaches and luxury villas, but has a rich culture and history to uncover as well: Explore the 17th-century architecture of the Old Friday Mosque or get a taste of local life (and some of the islands’ freshest seafood) at the Fish Market in Malé. It doesn’t stop there—we’ve got more hidden gems and must-do’s below.
Best time to visit
Getting around
Local customs
Tips from the pros
Essential Maldives
What to do
Places to see, ways to wander, and signature experiences that define Maldives.
See all
2023
Eco Dive Club
185
Scuba & Snorkelling
The Underwater Institute By Maldives Passions
698
Alimatha Island
261
Islands
Bikini Beach
247
Beaches
Whale Shark Tour
27
Male Fish Market
641
Flea & Street Markets
Maldives Full Fun Adventure Trip
39
from $76 per adult
3 Point Snorkeling Safari
53
from $100 per adult
Grand Friday Mosque
322
Religious Sites
Sandbank Snorkeling and Sunset Cruise
42
from $160 per adult
Where to stay
Top spots to rest up—charming to classic to modern
Six Senses Laamu
4,132
from $924/night
Ayada Maldives
4,662
from $379/night
One&Only Reethi Rah
1,795
from $1,749/night
Four Seasons Resort Maldives at Kuda Huraa
2,252
from $1,103/night
Cheval Blanc Randheli
320
Amilla Maldives
1,453
from $810/night
Baros Maldives
4,160
from $599/night
Park Hyatt Maldives Hadahaa
1,323
from $644/night
COMO Cocoa Island
1,801
from $852/night
Huvafen Fushi Maldives
1,113
from $942/night
Where to eat
The tried-and-trues, plus local faves and hidden gems
5.8 Undersea Restaurant
568
$$$$ • Seafood, Healthy, Vegetarian Friendly
The Cloud Restaurant
382
$$ - $$$ • Seafood, European, Healthy
Kebab & Kurry Maldives
151
$$ - $$$ • Indian, Asian, Healthy
Ithaa Undersea Restaurant
560
$$$$ • Seafood, Vegetarian Friendly, Gluten Free Options
Muraka Restaurant
138
$$$$ • Seafood, Asian, Deli
Velaa Private Island
324
from $1,837/night
Subsix
34
$$$$ • Seafood, International, Vegan Options
Soneva Fushi
1,426
from $1,463/night
One & Only Reethi Restaurant
80
$$$$ • Asian, Vegetarian Friendly, Vegan Options
The Lighthouse Restaurant
$$$$ • Seafood, Vegetarian Friendly, Vegan Options
How to do the Maldives in 7 days
Island-hopping, overwater bungalows, and lots of off-the-radar sights
Read on
Our go-to guide to hotels in the Maldives
Maldives vs Bora Bora—which is right for you?
The Maldives: beyond the beaches
Destinations
Male
Olhuveli Island
Iru-fushi
Lankanfinolhu Island
Dhaalu Atoll
Nalaguraidhoo Island
Bandos
Furanafushi Island
Kid-friendly Maldives
Most people don’t think of the Maldives as a family destination—which is a mistake. I’ve witnessed first-hand its spellbinding effect on young kids and, more recently, on my older teens (a notoriously tricky age group to please). Here are a few of my favorite private island resorts for families. And a note—they all have top-notch kids clubs, so I’ve highlighted the many other reasons to go.
JaneAndersonTravel, London, UK
Atmosphere Kanifushi Maldives
4,251
My older teens fell in love with this wild beauty of this jungly island—from the fruit bats wheeling above us as we cycled to the jetty to snorkel on the house reef to the baby sharks circling in the shallows beneath Just Veg, the hotel’s fine-dining vegetarian restaurant. Our vast Residence had its own circular pool. My teens also adored the boat ride to the Atoll Marine Conservation Centre on neighboring Naifaru Island, where we saw rescue turtles up close.
Varu Y Atmosphere - All Inclusive
3,834
It’s not often you get to book a massage for your 19-year-old daughter where she can spot sharks swimming by the glass panel in the floor, and post treatment, join her and her brother in the spa infinity pool. We also loved the inclusivity of KAAGÉ restaurant, whose name means “family dining room” in the local language. And the dishes like mas bai (tuna with coconut, chili, clove, and cardamom) couldn’t be beat.
Ifuru Island Maldives
Newly-opened Ifuru is the only resort island in the Maldives with its own landing strip—which means planes can arrive at night. Bringing something of a rebellious, cheekier spirit to the Maldives, it offers skydiving for ages 10 years and up. Rochelle Kilgariff, the Island Vibe Boss (a.k.a., the GM) says it’s all about family get-togethers here, with beach suites and villas arranged in “retreats” and “villages,” ideal for multigenerational gatherings.
Niyama Private Islands Maldives
3,157
I visited Niyama when my kids were aged 15 and 12, and it ranks as one of our all-time top trips. The resort has two islands named (appropriately) Play and Chill. Unusual for the Maldives, there’s a surf break here, and my kids loved taking lessons with the Surf Guru in the shallows. Other highlights included the BBQ night at the Surf Shack and dining under the waves, just like Spongebob at Subsix.
Siyam World Maldives
3,624
I respect the fact that Siyam World goes all out for family fun. Not only is it home to the largest inflatable water park in the Indian Ocean, it also has its very own horse ranch with Marwari thoroughbreds for parents and a team of ponies for smaller guests to ride. Plus, there’s coral planting with the marine biologist and—for little soccer lovers—there are summer camps, complete with legends of the game.
The Ritz-Carlton Maldives, Fari Islands
715
With all the flair you’d expect of a Ritz-Carlton, kids are invited to experience the Maldives’ first Jean-Michel Cousteau’s Ambassadors of the Environment program, complete with marine biology classes. There’s also a series of visiting Masters of Craft throughout the year. Past workshops have included Rachel Khoo’s choux pastry masterclasses for little ones. And the special amenities for babies by Bamford are a nice touch.
Marine conservation lies at the heart of what Six Senses Laamu wants kids to take away from their vacation. Children go on snorkeling adventures and learn to make their own conservation videos. They also appreciate the autonomy of visiting the organic garden to make their own juices. And when it comes to indulgences, Six Senses delivers experiences like hair braiding, mini-facials, and pedicures in the spa for older kids. Younger ones get spoiled, too, with cute toys in the beachfront family villa.
Explore Maldives by interest
Beaches, of course
Secluded islands, popular spots, and more
Veligandu Island Beach
193
Gulhi Beach
107
Ambara Island
37
Bodu Mora
28
Huvadhu Atoll
15
Rasfannu
16
Aarah Islands
4
Kunburudhoo Beach
6
Islands, Beaches
Get out on the water
Snorkeling, sailing, diving—it’s all game
ScubaCaribe
299
Boat Tours, Dolphin & Whale Watching
Family Divers Maldives
251
Taxis & Shuttles, Gear Rentals
Arena Water Sports
99
Boat Tours, Taxis & Shuttles
Travelscape Maldives
26
Snorkel with Nurse Sharks and Explore Vaavu Atoll Maldives
155
Active Watersports Maafushi
161
Parasailing & Paragliding, Surfing & Windsurfing
Coralarium at Fairmont Maldives Sirru Fen Fushi
Speciality Museums
Snorkeling with Manta Ray
38
Island-hopping awaits
Excursions that get you to all the best islands
Multi-Day Maldives Island Hopping Tour
19
from $999 per adult
Hulhumale
134
Biyadoo Island
45
Local Island Day Trip from Hulhumale
29
from $200 per adult
Hanifaru Bay Marine Protected Area
Islands, Nature & Wildlife Areas
Fotteyo Island
9
Half-Day Original Eco Tour to Villimale From Malé
from $80 per adult
Maldives on a dime
Eats and activities that won’t break the bank
Kuredu Resort & Spa
12,577
from $189/night
Reethi Beach Resort
3,062
from $217/night
Short_break08040
$ • Cafe
Kihaa Maldives
1,643
from $309/night
Food Truck Caffee Maafushi
$ • Indian, Fast Food, Thai
Magukolhu Hotaa
$ • Chinese, Indian, Asian
Cafeier Hulhumale
$ • Italian, Indian, Pizza
Catch some waves
Where to find the best breaks
Sail Shantaram
Boat Tours, Scuba & Snorkelling
Perfect Wave Travel
143
Surfing & Windsurfing, Multi-day Tours
Cokes Surf Camp
from $65/night
Maafushi Dive & Water Sports
606
Water Sports, Scuba & Snorkelling
Blue Horizon II
55
Boat Tours
Surf Yoga Retreat
20
from $36/night
Randhaa Surf Shop
11
Gear Rentals, Speed Boats Tours
Surf Yoga Maldives
10
Make it a spa day
Relax and unwind at these top resorts
Emerald Maldives Resort & Spa
2,404
from $643/night
Ozen Reserve Bolifushi
2,583
Conrad Maldives Rangali Island
3,201
from $637/night
Vakkaru Maldives
1,631
from $747/night
Four Seasons Resort Maldives At Landaa Giraavaru
1,762
from $1,858/night
Patina Maldives
932
InterContinental Maldives Maamunagau Resort, An IHG Hotel
673
from $784/night
The St. Regis Maldives Vommuli Resort
1,023
from $1,079/night
Raffles Maldives Meradhoo
1,015
from $1,052/night
Dreamy infinity pools
For moments—and views—that go on forever
Sun Siyam Vilu Reef
4,564
from $275/night
Meeru Maldives Resort Island
12,973
from $304/night
LUX* South Ari Atoll
6,536
from $313/night
Centara Ras Fushi Resort & Spa Maldives
5,292
from $435/night
Anantara Kihavah Maldives Villas
2,238
from $1,159/night
Hurawalhi Island Resort
3,797
from $749/night
Jumeirah Maldives Olhahali Island
605
from $928/night
JW Marriott Maldives Resort & Spa
346
from $935/night
Six Senses Kanuhura
48
from $413/night
Sun Siyam Iru Fushi
6,542
from $286/night
Learn the local culture
Markets, mosques, and history to explore
4 Hour Highlights of Malé Walking Tour
139
from $55 per adult
Full Day Male' Walking Tour
33
from $115 per adult
Hulhumale Mosque
73
Masjidhul Aisha
17
4-Night Maldives Guided Local Experience from Male' Airport
14
Private Male City Walking Tour with optional Vilimale tour
23
from $38 per adult
More Southeast Asian escapes
Singapore, Singapore
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Phuket, Thailand
Siem Reap, Cambodia
Luang Prabang, Laos
Bangkok, Thailand
Hanoi, Vietnam
Chiang Mai, Thailand
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Maldives Travel Guide
Travelers' pro tips for experiencing The Maldives
Moirad
Snorkeling! Personally, I would never go to a resort without a house reef as I would be missing out on what is the best thing about the Maldives — the underwater world! The amount and variety of fish are incredible, and for first-timers being able to swim with sharks and turtles is such an amazing experience (in fact it never gets less amazing!).
darrylpaula
Our biggest priority when choosing an island is the accessibility and quality of the house reef/snorkeling. Another must-do is watching the sunrise and sunset.
Placitasgirl
The underwater world is, of course, my number one, but watching dolphins play at sunrise is probably my number two.
In the words of those who've been there before ...
ppply
For us, the Maldives is all about snorkeling. Yes, it's stunningly beautiful and totally idyllic, but what makes it utterly unique is the underwater world that is SO accessible and varied.
Maldiva
Swimming with the fishes (sorry, couldn't resist) in the Maldives is a life-changing experience, so far removed from most people's day-to-day life that it has the power to change your whole perspective. For many of us, there is no going back — a holiday that isn't shared with a shark or ten is just not worth the bother.
66BJF
Have to say it's the diving for me, amazing corals and fish, and if you time, the months you travel and location the opportunity to dive with Manta, whale sharks or 200+ sharks at the mouth of a channel is amazing. With Fuvahmulah, the addition of tiger sharks, oceanic manta, hammerheads, and threshers makes this a one-of-a-kind location for diving. Throw in the remoteness, and on a clear night, unbelievable skies, it's a paradise hard to replicate.
What is the best way to get there?
Flying:
Velana International Airport (VIA) is the only international airport in the Maldives. It offers several flights to/from Asia, Europe, and the Middle East. From its location on Hulhule Island near the capital island of Male, you can grab your (usually pre-arranged) speedboat, seaplane or ferry to your destination island.
For more info, visit the Male Airport Guide or Trans Maldivian Airways.
Do I need a visa?
Though a 30-day tourist visa is given to all travelers upon arrival, there are certain entry requirements, such as a passport that’ll be valid for at least six months.
For more visa info, see here.
When is the best time to visit?
It doesn’t get much more tropical than the Maldives! And the best time to visit the Maldives is January through March, though prices may be higher this time of year. Prices are typically cheaper May through November during the rainy season. The average daily temperatures most times of the year are highs of 32 C (89 F) and lows of 26 C (78 F).
Speedboat
These high-speed boats are a common way to get around the islands, especially to/from the hotels and airports, but they can be expensive.
Seaplanes
These get you to the more far-flung islands in the Maldives if you want to island-hop, but these, too, can be expensive.
Ferry
Public ferries run between the inhabited islands, but schedules are often unreliable and can vary depending on the time of year. Visit here for more info.
On the ground
What is the timezone?
Maldives Time.
What are the voltage/plug types?
230 V and 50 Hz with type D and G plugs.
What is the currency?
Maldivian Rufiyaa (MVR)
Are ATMs readily accessible?
Only in certain areas.
Are credit cards widely accepted?
Yes.
Is it easy to find a bank?
No.
How much do I tip?
While a service charge is added to most bills, tipping is appreciated in the Maldives, and USD are accepted.
$1-$2 per bag and a few dollars per day of your stay for the housekeeping staff. Restaurants: Because of the service charge, just rounding up your bill is sufficient, but if the service was excellent, extra cash is always appreciated.
Spa Service
$5 per service.
Tour Guides
Tours in the Maldives can be expensive, so tips are not usually expected by guides. But, if one went above and beyond, at least $10 will suffice.
Are there local customs I should know?
Drinking
The legal drinking age in the Maldives is 18.
Greeting
Most residents speak English, but learning a few words of national language Dhivehi is appreciated: “Assalaamu Alaikum” (hello); Ran’galhu, shukuriyaa (fine, thank you); Shukuriyaa (thank you).
Customs
Additional entry requirements in the Maldives include proof of pre-paid accommodations and that you have enough funds for your stay as well as confirmed onward/return tickets home. For more info, visit here.
Environment
Coral reefs are the foundation of the Maldives, so it is very important to not disturb, touch, remove or stand on its coral reefs when diving or snorkeling. And never leave garbage behind.
Always greet people
A courteous, formal greeting in French, “Bonjour, Monsieur/Madame,” is always appreciated — this includes shop attendants, wait staff, hotel staff, drivers.
Don’t talk loudly in public
It is considered rude and ugly.
Don’t expect fast service
Sales assistants in shops or wait staff in restaurants won’t approach you straight away — giving people time and space is an important part of French culture. Also, don’t expect wait staff to give you the bill when your meal is finished, you will have to ask for it.
Frequently Asked Questions about Maldives
When is the cheapest time to visit Maldives?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Explore
Maldives
Asia
$$$$
$$ - $$$
JaneAndersonTravel
$
Male Airport Guide
Trans Maldivian Airways
see here
here
