Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Nghe An Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamNghe An ProvinceThings to Do in Nghe An ProvinceTours in Nghe An Province
THE 5 BEST Nghe An Province Tours & Excursions
Nghe An Province Tours
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Transportation
Eco Tours
Private Tours
Multi-day Tours
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show more
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
See All Tours
6 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Vinh Guru Tours
73
City Tours • Motorcycle Tours
By TerryLin187
... scenery, characteristic tea gardens, river cruises, hiking or jungle adventures, local culture, traditional cuisi...
2. Ethnic Voyage
34
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
Open now
By duc-vuong123
... to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe homestay on stilt house.
3. DISCOVER PU MAT WITH CAPTAIN ANDY
8
Multi-day Tours • Private Tours
By Venture54198344115
We have recently been to Vietnam. During our trip we found Andy. What a pleasure to meet him. He was absolutely...
4. Dong Du Village Lakeside Farm Stay
2
By justinj499
The place is simply amazing. Beautiful farm located outside the city, perfect if you want to relax for some time. They...
5. Du Lich Mien Dat Viet
Multi-day Tours • Sightseeing Tours
6. Nghe An Destination - LinhLy Travel
1
City Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
What travelers are saying
Cabaal A
2 contributions
PU MAT ADVENTURE
Captain Andy was great fun to hang out with in this out of the way part of Vietnam. Opened up doors that made our stay awesome!
Review of: Vinh Guru Tours
Written January 17, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Anh Khoi hotel
Hai Phong, Vietnam12 contributions
Amazing trip to Pu Hoạt Nature Reserve in Western Nghe An
Had a nice exploration in the Far West of Nghe An to explore the rich flora, fauna and wildlife . We spent 3 days trekking in the lush rainforest where we had chance to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe homestay on stilt house. Thanks Andy , our local guide for this lovely discovery far away from mass tourism
Read more
Review of: Ethnic Voyage
Written January 12, 2024
Sheila W
Agra10 contributions
3
Excellent tour of the sights in Vinh
I had one day to spare in Vinh and my hotel suggested I contact Andy, as he spoke very good English and was very knowledgeable. I told Captain Andy where and what I wanted to see. He picked me up from my hotel in his SUV. We visited the Pagoda on top of the Mountain, we had lunch in a very traditional Vietnamese restaurant. We then visited Ho Chi Min’s homestead where he spent his teenage years and then we went to the museum in Vinh itself. Everything was done in a very unhurried way and it was the most interesting 5 1/2 hours. Anyone having a few hours to spare in Vinh should certainly contact Captain Andy. I highly recommend him.
Review of: DISCOVER PU MAT WITH CAPTAIN ANDY
Written December 13, 2023
Justin J
6
Amazing eco farm stay !
The place is simply amazing. Beautiful farm located outside the city, perfect if you want to relax for some time. They are growing so many different kind of food, so the meals are always fresh and delightful. The owner is really friendly and helpful, he gave me so many good recommendations on places to visit. I would recommend this place 100%, lovely farm stay !
Review of: Dong Du Village Lakeside Farm Stay
Written October 8, 2022
Frequently Asked Questions about Nghe An Province
What are the best places for tours in Nghe An Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Nghe An Province
Tours in Nghe An Province
1.
TerryLin187
... scenery, characteristic tea gardens, river cruises,
hiking
or jungle adventures, local culture, traditional cuisi...
2.
duc-vuong123
... to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe
homestay
on stilt house.
3.
Venture54198344115
4.
justinj499
5.
6.
Hai Phong, Vietnam
12 contributions
Agra
10 contributions
