Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
곤 조 wrote a review Feb 2019
1 contribution
Good
It was good and clean. I have a great trip at here with my group, the weather was and and hotel was very good, staff was friendly and kind (ms.lien, Thao) Swimming pool is best view and top bar was wonderful
Read more
Date of stay: February 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALC M, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Mar 29, 2019
Xin chào 곤 조, Thank you for choosing A la Carte Hotel for your stay and taking the time to share your positive feedback recently. We are extremely pleased to learn that your overall stay with us was good. Customer's encouraging comments are a great motivation and give us even more enthusiasm in maintaining our efforts to offer service excellence. It was a great pleasure to be as your service and we hope that would have time to welcome you back soon again. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Pascal R wrote a review Feb 2019
Canton of Zurich, Switzerland307 contributions135 helpful votes
Very good service !
A very good service, excellently located on the beach front! Spacious rooms fully equipped, clean room. We had a very good stay with our family. Friendly staffs and efficient Price for value is absolutely good.
Xin chào PascalR684, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team. "
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
kunzite01 wrote a review Feb 2019
Hong Kong, China6 contributions
Hotel stay
Staff are nice especially the one names Vuong! Although some problem in room setting at the start, he tries his very best to fix the problem for us. Also a surprise of having a birthday cake for my son who has birthday during his stay here. Our family enjoys a lot!
Xin chào kunzite01, We are truly heartened to receive your generous review of À La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us, we are especially pleased that you felt well-looked after by our staff, especially Mr Vuong I will pass your compliments to her and be sure that he and the whole team are made aware of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Kelvin Dalton wrote a review Jan 2019
Great Hotel
I would recommended this hotel for family travel. They have a good location and awesome top bar view. You can easily find food or convenience stores, just 2-3 minutes walking. Guest service is extremely helpful, thumbs up to Len and Thoa; I booked a shuttle bus to Hoi An and our family happy are happy with the serviced they provided. We would definitely come back!
Date of stay: December 2018
Xin chào Kelvindalton, Many thanks for choosing À La Carte and your kind review. We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We hope to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Chloee N wrote a review Jan 2019
2 contributions1 helpful vote
Amazing Hotel to Stay in Danang
They had amazing customer services. Special girl who name is Tran really friendly and sweet . This hotel had everything that customer need . Really fun and happy that choose this hotel . Have a very nice Top Bar
Date of stay: January 2019
Response from ALC M, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Feb 8, 2019
Xin chào Chloee, Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
RMColumbus wrote a review Jan 2019
Columus26 contributions37 helpful votes
Nice Hotel With Great Views
We had a large room with a direct view of the beach. The room had a functional kitchenette and a large, modern tiled bath. The rooftop bar and pool have spectacular views. The bar has a happy hour and the cocktails are well-made and inexpensive. The breakfast is good with lots of western or Asian choices. Service was great -- one example: on a couple of occasions we ordered ice sent up to the room. Both times it arrived in under 5 minutes. We saw very few westerners there; mostly Chinese and Koreans. All in all a very nice, comfortable hotel.
Xin chao RMColumbus, It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay at À La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Especially, more than happy when we were able to meet your requirement and expectation overall. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
hjstar7 wrote a review Jan 2019
GREAT
great views and rooms, also breakfast buffet and swimming pool. views can look my khe beach at room, and room are clean. breakfast buffet was good like restaurant. and swimming pool’s view was also good staff was good at service.
Xin chào 호재 최, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at À La Carte. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon!!! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Samantha wrote a review Jan 2019
Hong Kong, China4 contributions1 helpful vote
VERY GOOD
big room with kitchen. nice bathroom. breakfast is very good and lot of choices. the swimming pool is worth to go! excellent view! location is good, lot of restaurants & spa around. staff is good and professional.
1 Helpful vote
Responded Jan 18, 2019
Xin chào samsamchow Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Audrey1811 wrote a review Jan 2019
Melbourne, Australia2 contributions
Hotel staff and toom
Highly recommend this hotel, we had 2 Bedroom suit very large comfy beds and the breakfast was beautiful great selection. The staff were very helpful and always very nice, the service guide desks was very helpful in organising day tours. We will stay here again .
Xin chao Audrey1811 , Wow! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. They will be happy to know that the minibar voucher went to good use! We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely,
Angela wrote a review Jan 2019
7 contributions4 helpful votes
good view
We can only see part of the sea from the room, since our room window is facing another building. But if you go up to the top of the hotel, there is a pool. Beautiful view up there. You can take great pictures there. The beach is just cross a street. The room was big, but the facilities are not new. There wasn't nice restaurant around, so we had dinners at the hotel. Dinner in hotel was good.
Date of stay: August 2018
Xin chao AngelaYang1, Thank you for taking the time to share your review with us. We appreciate your valuable feedback as it helps us identify the areas we can improve the guest experience. I was disappointed to learn of the shortcomings you experienced and we're currently taking steps to upgrade some of the room facilities. Sincerely, The A La Carte management
Previous
Next
1…1516171819…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
곤 조
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Pascal R
Canton of Zurich, Switzerland
307 contributions
307
135 helpful votes
135
kunzite01
Hong Kong, China
6 contributions
6
Kelvin Dalton
Chloee N
2 contributions
1 helpful vote
RMColumbus
Columus
26 contributions
26
37 helpful votes
37
hjstar7
Samantha
4 contributions
Audrey1811
Melbourne, Australia
Angela
7 contributions
7
4 helpful votes
…
15
16
17
18
19
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
