Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayNature & parks in Halong BayGroup Activities in Halong Bay
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Large Group Activities & Things to Do
Best Group Activities in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Nightlife
Sights & Landmarks
Water & Amusement Parks
Islands
Caverns & Caves
Bodies of Water
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
8 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Bay
11,389
By kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the beauty and tranquility of Halong Bay.
See tours
2. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
Recommended Big Group Experiences (195)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Recommended by 97% of travelers
Historical Tours
from $39 per adult
Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
11
Recommended by 90% of travelers
4WD Tours
from $300 per adult
2023
3. Sung Sot Cave
1,861
By Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of nature Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4. Dau Go Cave
713
By 434jainc
The visit to the cave was the highlight of the trip to Halong bay. It is a sight never to be missed. You can have time...
5. Dong Thien Cung
571
By Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a natural wonder.
6. Castaway Island
556
Open now
By gabzam1
Castaway island was the highlight of my trip to vietnam, couldn't recommend it more. Staff, location, activities and...
7. Ti Top Island
1,136
By G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the view of the bay.
8. Hon Ga Choi Island
248
By rawleyl
BOTTOM LINE: Do not forget about the camera of yours! The Kissing Chicken Rock (Hon Ga Choi) formation is entertaining...
What travelers are saying
GillandJack
Redditch, UK24 contributions
0
HALONG off the beaten track
We had a wonderful morning with Si from KAB Travel HaLong Bay who took us to the main tourist places of interest in HaLong as well as to local places well off the tourist track. Eating amazing chicken noodle soup in a local street side cafe and drinking Vietnamese coffee with condensed milk high up in the hills were memorable experiences.
Si was very courteous, efficient and caring. He guided me through the slippery fish market and over the busy roads. His English was excellent and he was just a lovely person to be with.
The pagoda we visited with him was the best we saw all holiday , so peaceful and calm.
I would thoroughly recommend Si and his company.
Read more
Review of: Halong Bay
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Kade T
6 contributions
3 days/2 nights cruise
We joined 3 days / 2 nights cruise to this area. It's less crowded. Very beautiful scenery. Highlight of our trip in Vietnam.
Review of: Bai Tu Long Bay
Written February 19, 2024
haram B
2 contributions
HALONG BAY CRUISE HUNTERS cruise agent was great
Halng bay and Sung sot cave werr great, our cruise agent Halong BAY CRUISE HUNTERS Tripadvisor was great and we had 90mins at cave, 90mins at Ti top island, 30mins for kayaking. Dont miss overnight trip.
Review of: Sung Sot Cave
Written February 23, 2024
Tantanlee
Nice walking cave in Halong
It is nice cave of Halong Bay and it is nice cave of limestone mountains to visit. It takes about 45 minutes for walking. Thank you Vietnam Escape Tours Travel for booking a nice cruise for us. A good company
Review of: Dau Go Cave
Written February 18, 2023
Discover56156625886
1 contribution
Thien Cung Cave
So crowde if you come here in the summer, althought this cave is special. Maybe must try when you travel Ha Long Bay
Review of: Dong Thien Cung
Written September 28, 2023
Emma
2
Great 3 days
3 of us all went on the 3 day 2 night tour. We all had a great time and met so many friends that we ended up catching up with multiple times after the tour. Would highly recommend this tour if your solo and wanting to make friends quick and easily. No wifi for 3 days meant everyone was always talking and socializing. The food is pretty average but the drinks are dirt cheap. Expect to have sand though everything by the end off the tour. Unfortunately the showers were also cold. The staff were great however were not as involved as you would expect. Overall had an amazing 3 days and would 100% recommend to those who love to party.
Review of: Castaway Island
Written February 26, 2020
MizuhoK
Hino, Japan3,282 contributions
Sad to see many PET bottle garbage
The island is named after Russian cosmonaut. This was the first stop during the tour. We were asked to choose either, hiking or swimming. We chose hiking. It was quite a tough one! It was really a hot and humid day. The stairs are quite steep and narrow. There were lots of tourists, you needed to walk carefully for up and down , not to slip or hit.
The view from top was beautiful. You get sweaty!
We saw people swimming at beach. Looked fun in such a hot day at less wave beach.
It was very sad to see tons of PET bottle garbage were not only in trash bins but also everywhere in the island. Maybe tourists brought drinks here and threw them away when finished. When we entered the cruise ship, we were asked not to bring in PET bottles. Only glass bottles were sold in the cruise ship. So there should have be no PET bottles in the island but there were.
We must behave to preserve the great nature.
Review of: Ti Top Island
Written September 2, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
1
Halong Bay symbol
These are two rocks emerging from the sea, however with an interesting form of two chicken fighting or kissing.
As our tour guide explained, they became a symbol o Halong Bay with many souvenirs with them.
Review of: Hon Ga Choi Island
Written February 11, 2024
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Nature & parks in Halong Bay
Group Activities in Halong Bay
1.
kalbouzat
Whether you take a boat tour or explore on your own, you'll be mesmerized by the
beauty
and tranquility of Halong Bay.
2.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and
of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
learn more
3.
Companion12334238724
Amazing place beautiful w mother of
nature
Evething is so flexibility most beautiful in this world I love it verry ni...
4.
434jainc
5.
Navigate29371769054
There are lots of steps to climb but the caves are a
natural wonder
.
6.
gabzam1
7.
G7622VZanhn
Very good place for beach and hiking to the top of the mountain for the
view of the bay
8.
rawleyl
Redditch, UK
24 contributions
Hino, Japan
3,282 contributions
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
