Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
Departure50896084224 wrote a review Aug 2023
1 contribution
Thanks to butler Binh😜😜
My villa is s44. I’m so happy when butler Binh welcome and take care my family. He is so nice and kind. He showed me all information including pool, restaurant, and so forth. He gave me his kakao talk to contact with him
Date of stay: August 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded Aug 15, 2023
Warmest greetings from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you for sharing your feedback with us. We're thrilled to hear that you had a great experience during your stay at our villa. It's wonderful that you enjoyed the pool and accommodations, and we're glad that Butler Binh's assistance It's wonderful to hear that you were able to relax, recharge, and have a great time during your stay. We'll be eagerly looking forward to your next visit, and we can't wait to welcome you back. If there's anything you need or any preferences you'd like to share for your next stay, please don't hesitate to reach out. Thanks and best regards, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Explorer33052517396 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to Butler Binh
My villa was S6,i was satisfied with service quality at Furama. The pool was so beautiful. I would like to send a big thank you to Butler Binh, he was very kind and nice , helpful. He helped me carry luggages and show all information
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Sincerely on behalf of team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Voyager53577078227 wrote a review Aug 2023
Da Nang, Vietnam2 contributions
Thanks to butler binh so much!
My villa is P31. I am so happy when butler Binh take care my family. He is the best butler At Furama. He showed my family all information and gave me his kakao talk to contact with him. He helped my family whenever my family need. I was so happy and say thank you to him
Xin Chao from Furama Da Nang, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience with us! We're thrilled to hear that you had such a satisfying stay at our villa. It's fantastic that you enjoyed the pool and accommodations, and we're delighted that Butler Binh was able to assist you during the checkout process. We're pleased to know that your family had a great trip and appreciated the stunning villa views, the cleanliness of the pool, and the overall maintenance. If you have any special requests or preferences for your next visit, please feel free to let us know. Thank you once again for choosing Puraama Villas for your getaway! Best Regards, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Seaside09341363376 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks to butler Binh
This is the first time i go to viet nam and Furama villa, i have been satisfying with service quality. Butler Binh is so nice, kind and handsome. He gave me his kakao talk to contact if i need helps from him. I am so happy
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that the resort left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do not hesitate to let us know. Mr Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Paradise49373494716 wrote a review Aug 2023
Our experience
I checked out today, i was happy to stay at furama villa, because Furama villa has a beautiful pool, the dishes at Danaksara restaurant were so delicious. Butler Binh was nice kind and helpful, he helped my team whenever we need. I will come back here
연지 송 wrote a review Aug 2023
my experience
butler binh was so kind anhd nice, the pool so beautiful and everything is perfect, i hope i will come back here many times in the future, the dishes is so delicious and buggy car is so nice. i was so happy to experience at Furama
Responded Aug 14, 2023
Dear valued guest, Thank you for sharing your wonderful experience at Furama Villas with us. We are delighted to hear that you had such a memorable stay and that you would love to return in the future. It warms our hearts to know that Butler Binh provided you with exceptional service and that you appreciated his kindness and attentiveness. We will be sure to pass along your kind words to him and the rest of our team. We are thrilled that you enjoyed your accommodations and that the resort left a lasting impression on you. Our goal is to create unforgettable experiences for all our guests, and your feedback motivates us to continue providing exceptional service and a welcoming atmosphere. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your family vacation. We cannot wait to welcome you back for another fantastic stay in the future. If there is anything else we can do to make your next visit even more special, please do Sincerely, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Escape33658946286 wrote a review Aug 2023
Thanks butler Binh
I had a chance to experience at Furama villa, everything was good, the private pool and lagoon pool were so beautiful, Butler Binh was so kind and nice, he showed me all information and helped me whenever
kitkatapple wrote a review Aug 2023
North Yorkshire, United Kingdom39 contributions5 helpful votes
+1
A beautiful, quiet, oasis
A 12 day stay at the beautiful, peaceful oasis, Furama Villas. Stayed in 3 bedroom Sapphire villa with two teenage sons, it was huge, cleaned every day, private pool and lovely gardens. Very close to the beautiful, quiet beach. Hana, our customer service support, was responsive and attentive, meeting all our needs and keeping us up to date through whatsapp. The kids loved the buggies too !!!
Responded Aug 13, 2023
Warmest greetings from Furama Villas Da Nang, We are so happy to know you had a great experience at the villa. Your review made our day and our whole team works very hard to keep our guests happy but we can only do it thanks to amazing customers like you. Thanks again, and we do hope to serve you again soon. Sincerely on behalf of the Team, Mr. Nguyen Van Thanh - Villas Operation Manager
Global52201826372 wrote a review Aug 2023
My vacation
I was able to stay at a nice hotel.Butler Binh, who guided Villa, was a friendly and very kind person.It was the best accommodation right in front of the sea.I will definitely come back. The private pool is so beautiful
Thank you so much for taking the time to share your wonderful review of your recent stay at our hotel. We truly appreciate your kind words and are delighted to hear that you had such a positive experience with us. It's always our goal to provide exceptional service and create memorable stays for our guests, so it's incredibly rewarding to know that we succeeded in meeting your expectations. We take great pride in our team's dedication and commitment to delivering top-notch hospitality. It's great to know that the swimming pool, accommodations, and assistance from our staff, especially Butler Binh, made your stay enjoyable If there's anything else we can do to make your future visits even better, please don't hesitate to let us know. Thank you for choosing to stay with us and for your heartfelt feedback! Thank you and best regards, Mr. Nguyễn Văn Thành Villas Operation Manager
Colin Y wrote a review Aug 2023
Furama Villas Stay Aug 2023
Great Villas with everything at the resort so close. Had a great time, friendly people. Cons: Can have more food selection for dinner. The Fans was closed though Cafe Indochine was good. No firmer pillow. Our Butler Nhung (and My) were very helpful with and a Whatsapp away. Helped organize a birthday surprise for family member! Thanks to your team！
Greetings from Da Nang Viet Nam, Thank you for your feedback on your recent stay at Furama Villas. We're delighted to hear that you had a fantastic time and enjoyed the convenience of having everything so close to the resort. It's great to know that you found our staff to be friendly and helpful. It's wonderful that our Butler Nhung and My could contribute to making your stay even more special. Organizing a birthday surprise is a thoughtful touch, and we're thrilled that our team could assist in making it memorable. We'll make sure to pass on your kind words to them. Thank you for choosing Furama Villas for your vacation. Your feedback helps us improve and provide an even better experience for our future guests If you have any further suggestions or if there's anything else we can do to enhance your next stay, please feel free to let us know. We look forward to welcoming you back for another enjoyable visit in the future! Best Regards, Mr Nguyễn Văn Thành Villas Operation Manager
Previous
Next
1…678910…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
Departure50896084224
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Explorer33052517396
Voyager53577078227
Da Nang, Vietnam
2 contributions
2
Seaside09341363376
Paradise49373494716
연지 송
Escape33658946286
kitkatapple
North Yorkshire, United Kingdom
39 contributions
39
5 helpful votes
5
Global52201826372
Colin Y
…
7
8
9
10
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
