Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Non Nuoc Beach, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Non Nuoc Beach
View map
Hotels near Non Nuoc Beach
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hoa Hai ward Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Non Nuoc Beach
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
459
351
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
575
Pool
418
Free parking
491
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
586
651
659
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
344
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
27
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,595 of 4,105 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Non Nuoc Beach

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.4 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
1. Furama Resort Danang
5,329 reviews
103 - 105 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.3 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#1 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...”
2023
2. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,467 reviews
05 Truong Sa Street | Hoa Hai Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.3 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#2 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“From the moment we arrived, we were mesmerized by the serene beauty of the sprawling Non Nuoc beach and the ambiance of the expansive hotel grounds.”
3. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
949 reviews
35 Truong Sa Street | Hoa Hai Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#3 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Situated in Non Nuoc beach our stay in Sheraton Grand resort was excellent specially with kid activities, kid club.”
Visit hotel website
4. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,831 reviews
S_ 19, Du_ng Tru_ng Sa | Hoa Hai Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.8 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#4 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very good and nice place for holidays. Staff are nice and gentle and beautiful place and nice beach and good food and nice cleaner and yummy buffet and also have afternoon tea for guests and free transportation…”
5. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
101 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#5 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Closest
6. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
7 Truong Sa | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
0.2 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#6 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Excellent property. But we faced a problem in 2 of the 4 rooms booked, 1 room was smelly. In spite of booking King bed room well in advance, they provided 1 room with twin beds. I had to take up with my travel...”
7. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
99 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.5 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#7 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한 직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...”
8. Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#8 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious. Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering...”
9. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...”
10. Daisy Boutique Hotel - Apartment
323 reviews
67 Che Lan Vien, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…”
Monarque Hotel
3,035 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
11. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa, Non Nuoc Beach Villas
1,797 reviews
23 Truong Sa Street, Hoa Hai, Da Nang 55000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Thank you Danang Marriott for making us happy The room conditioning service was all the best. Thanks to the help of the kindest staff among the hotels, I had a great vacation. I had a great time, especially thanks...”
12. Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
304 Vo Nguyen Giap | Ngu Hanh Son, My An, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.9 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#12 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have...”
13. Crowne Plaza Danang
224 reviews
8 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | Khue My Ward, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
1.4 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#13 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Simply one of the best hotels in Vietnam I have the pleasure to stay in. The friendly helpful staff are fantastic always with a smile and a yes we can attitude! I always look forward to visiting this hotel on my...”
14. Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
1,315 reviews
21 Truong Sa Road | Hoa Hai Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 5000, Vietnam
0.9 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#14 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“This part of Non Nuoc beach is safe and very pleasant.”
15. Sofiana My Khe Hotel & Spa
577 reviews
54 - 56 Tran Bach Dang | Ngu Hanh Son, My An, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.0 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#15 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Great location, close to restaurants and the beach (beach bar and Coco surfing school/rental). Super friendly people. Great breakfast (with lots of service). Spacious room with a bath tub. Would highly recommend...”
16. Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
Truong Sa Street | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...”
17. Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
89 Tran Bach Dang, My An, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean...”
18. Titan Hotel Da Nang
126 reviews
104 102, Ho Xuan Huong, Ngu Hanh Son Dist., Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.”
19. Avatar Hotel Da Nang
701 reviews
104 Hoang Ke Viem St. | My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had a nice stay at this hotel. Its close to the beach, bars and restaurants. Breakfast is very good and you can also enjoy sauna and massages. A big thanks to the whole staff, and specialy to Hiep, Amber and...”
20. Palazzo Boutique Hotel
32 reviews
244 - 246 Tr_n B_ch D_ng, Da Nang 50507, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“I really liked the hotel. the staff is very friendly and polite. breakfasts are delicious. the hotel is suitable for both couples and families with children. The location is convenient, 5 minutes to the beach…”
21. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,091 reviews
292 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#21 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…”
22. Pulchra Resort Da Nang
66 reviews
Lo 22, Duong Truong Sa, P. Hoa Hai | Q. Ngu Hanh Son T.P, Da Nang, Vietnam
0.7 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#22 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“We came to the resort during national holiday at peak. Da Nang was having a firework festival and people flooded into the city. We checked every resorts and couldn't find a room. Lucky for us, Pulchra was able to...”
23. Eco Green Boutique Hotel
195 reviews
1 An Thuong 3 Street | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“This place is a real find. It’s close to the beach but quiet. Our room was lovely, spotless, the bed comfortable. Breakfasts are really great and we found the staff attentive and friendly. Restaurants are right...”
24. Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
300 Vo Nguyen Giap Street | My Khe Beach, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are…”
25. Grand Mango Hotel Danang
165 reviews
60 An Thuong 1 Street, My Khe, Da Nang 59000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel is great value for money and situated close to the beach and eateries. The rooms are pleasant, bright, the beds are comfortable and clean. We stayed 2 nights and found the staff always very friendly…”
26. L'amore Boutique Hotel
49 reviews
378 Vo Nguyen Giap St | My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District,, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Non Nuoc Beach
#26 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...”
27. Eden Hotel Danang
320 reviews
294 Vo Nguyen Giap | My An, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“I had a very pleasant stay at this place. It was my family and other friends traveling and Ms. Vivian went beyond to help us accommodate us in rooms close to one another. I loved having the beach so close and how...”
28. Sea Phoenix Hotel Danang
33 reviews
115 Ho Xuan Huong Str, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 500000, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“Booked a sea view room. Compact, well maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…”
29. Fansipan Danang Hotel
124 reviews
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District | ₫, Da Nang, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…”
30. Indochine Danang Hotel
30-B2.1 Ngo Thi Si | Khu An Thuong, Da Nang 511, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 4,105 places to stay in Da Nang
“We needed somewhere to relax on our travels. We came across this hotel as the area was not as built up in April 2014. We paid £15 a night, our room was big and clean! Breakfast minimal and no ketchup but did the...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Non Nuoc Beach information
Hotels Near Non Nuoc Beach, Da Nang
There are 3,295 Hotels close to Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang
Hotels Near Non Nuoc Beach Reviews
There are 254,709 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Non Nuoc Beach Photos
There are 258,529 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.13 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Non Nuoc Beach
Do any hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have a pool?
Popular hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang that have a pool include:
Danang Marriott Resort & Spa - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang?
Some of the best hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang are:
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang:
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang:
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang are romantic?
These hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang:
HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
DLG Hotel Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang are good for families?
Families traveling in Da Nang enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Non Nuoc Beach:
Do any hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang have a casino?
These hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang all have a casino:
Furama Villas Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Furama Resort Danang - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Silver Shores International Resort - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang allow pets?
These hotels near Non Nuoc Beach in Da Nang generally allow pets:
Wink Hotel Danang Centre - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Stella Maris Beach Danang - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Non Nuoc Beach
1,595 of 4,105 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
103 - 105 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days.
They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and...
05 Truong Sa Street
Hoa Hai Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
From the moment we arrived, we were mesmerized by the serene beauty of the sprawling Non Nuoc beach and the ambiance of the expansive hotel grounds.
From the moment we arrived, we were mesmerized by the serene beauty of
the sprawling Non Nuoc beach and the ambiance
Non Nuoc beach
of the expansive hotel grounds.
35 Truong Sa Street
Situated in Non Nuoc beach our stay in Sheraton Grand resort was excellent specially with kid activities, kid club.
Situated in Non Nuoc beach our stay in Sheraton
Grand resort was excellent specially with kid activities, kid club.
S_ 19, Du_ng Tru_ng Sa
Hoa Hai Ward
Very good and nice place for holidays. Staff are nice and gentle and beautiful place and nice beach and good food and nice cleaner and yummy buffet and also have afternoon tea for guests and free transportation…
Very good and nice place for holidays. Staff are
nice and gentle and beautiful place and nice beach and good food and nice cleaner and yummy buffet and also have afternoon tea for guests and free transportation…
101 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome
at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a...
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
7 Truong Sa
Ngu Hanh Son District
Excellent property. But we faced a problem in 2 of the 4 rooms booked, 1 room was smelly. In spite of booking King bed room well in advance, they provided 1 room with twin beds. I had to take up with my travel...
Excellent property. But we faced a problem in 2
of the 4 rooms booked, 1 room was smelly. In spite of booking King bed room well in advance, they provided 1 room with twin beds. I had to take up with my travel...
99 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한 직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...
정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한
직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all...
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious. Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering...
Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious.
Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering...
Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...
Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @
TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet...
67 Che Lan Vien
It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…
It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool
is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come…
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
23 Truong Sa Street
Hoa Hai, Da Nang 55000,
Thank you Danang Marriott for making us happy The room conditioning service was all the best. Thanks to the help of the kindest staff among the hotels, I had a great vacation. I had a great time, especially thanks...
Thank you Danang Marriott for making us happy The
room conditioning service was all the best. Thanks to the help of the kindest staff among the hotels, I had a great vacation. I had a great time, especially thanks...
304 Vo Nguyen Giap
Ngu Hanh Son
My An, Da Nang 550000,
Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have...
Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1
room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have...
8 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Khue My Ward
Simply one of the best hotels in Vietnam I have the pleasure to stay in. The friendly helpful staff are fantastic always with a smile and a yes we can attitude! I always look forward to visiting this hotel on my...
Simply one of the best hotels in Vietnam I have
the pleasure to stay in. The friendly helpful staff are fantastic always with a smile and a yes we can attitude! I always look forward to visiting this hotel on my...
21 Truong Sa Road
Da Nang 5000,
This part of Non Nuoc beach is safe and very pleasant.
This part of Non Nuoc beach is safe and very
pleasant.
54 - 56 Tran Bach Dang
Great location, close to restaurants and the beach (beach bar and Coco surfing school/rental). Super friendly people. Great breakfast (with lots of service). Spacious room with a bath tub. Would highly recommend...
Great location, close to restaurants and the
beach (beach bar and Coco surfing school/rental). Super friendly people. Great breakfast (with lots of service). Spacious room with a bath tub. Would highly recommend...
Truong Sa Street
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...
We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day
relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by...
89 Tran Bach Dang
This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean...
This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception
staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean...
104 102, Ho Xuan Huong, Ngu Hanh Son Dist.
The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.
The hotel is really nice. And the hospitality
provided by the staffs are also really professional. I will definitely be visiting again! My suggestion would be to improve Wifi. Other than that everything is perfect.
104 Hoang Ke Viem St.
My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
We had a nice stay at this hotel. Its close to the beach, bars and restaurants. Breakfast is very good and you can also enjoy sauna and massages. A big thanks to the whole staff, and specialy to Hiep, Amber and...
We had a nice stay at this hotel. Its close to
the beach, bars and restaurants. Breakfast is very good and you can also enjoy sauna and massages. A big thanks to the whole staff, and specialy to Hiep, Amber and...
244 - 246 Tr_n B_ch D_ng
Da Nang 50507,
I really liked the hotel. the staff is very friendly and polite. breakfasts are delicious. the hotel is suitable for both couples and families with children. The location is convenient, 5 minutes to the beach…
I really liked the hotel. the staff is very
friendly and polite. breakfasts are delicious. the hotel is suitable for both couples and families with children. The location is convenient, 5 minutes to the beach…
292 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…
Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was
fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef…
Lo 22, Duong Truong Sa, P. Hoa Hai
Q. Ngu Hanh Son T.P
Da Nang,
We came to the resort during national holiday at peak. Da Nang was having a firework festival and people flooded into the city. We checked every resorts and couldn't find a room. Lucky for us, Pulchra was able to...
We came to the resort during national holiday at
peak. Da Nang was having a firework festival and people flooded into the city. We checked every resorts and couldn't find a room. Lucky for us, Pulchra was able to...
1 An Thuong 3 Street
This place is a real find. It’s close to the beach but quiet. Our room was lovely, spotless, the bed comfortable. Breakfasts are really great and we found the staff attentive and friendly. Restaurants are right...
This place is a real find. It’s close to the
beach but quiet. Our room was lovely, spotless, the bed comfortable. Breakfasts are really great and we found the staff attentive and friendly. Restaurants are right...
300 Vo Nguyen Giap Street
My Khe Beach, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are…
I got the room with a view of the beach and I
loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are…
60 An Thuong 1 Street, My Khe
Da Nang 59000,
This hotel is great value for money and situated close to the beach and eateries. The rooms are pleasant, bright, the beds are comfortable and clean. We stayed 2 nights and found the staff always very friendly…
This hotel is great value for money and situated
close to the beach and eateries. The rooms are pleasant, bright, the beds are comfortable and clean. We stayed 2 nights and found the staff always very friendly…
378 Vo Nguyen Giap St
My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District,
Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...
Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse
which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they...
294 Vo Nguyen Giap
My An, Ngu Hanh Son
I had a very pleasant stay at this place. It was my family and other friends traveling and Ms. Vivian went beyond to help us accommodate us in rooms close to one another. I loved having the beach so close and how...
I had a very pleasant stay at this place. It was
my family and other friends traveling and Ms. Vivian went beyond to help us accommodate us in rooms close to one another. I loved having the beach so close and how...
115 Ho Xuan Huong Str, My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
Da Nang 500000,
Booked a sea view room. Compact, well maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…
Booked a sea view room. Compact, well
maintained,friendly budget hotel. Staff are good. Beach is within walkable distance. Limited breakfast spread which was good. English in Vietnam is poor, but the staff here…
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
₫
I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
I stayed here because the hotel is near the
places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
30-B2.1 Ngo Thi Si
Khu An Thuong
Da Nang 511,
We needed somewhere to relax on our travels. We came across this hotel as the area was not as built up in April 2014. We paid £15 a night, our room was big and clean! Breakfast minimal and no ketchup but did the...
We needed somewhere to relax on our travels. We
came across this hotel as the area was not as built up in April 2014. We paid £15 a night, our room was big and clean! Breakfast minimal and no ketchup but did the...
1
4
5
6
…
Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
DLG Hotel Danang
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
Furama Villas Danang
Furama Resort Danang
Silver Shores International Resort
Wink Hotel Danang Centre
Stella Maris Beach Danang
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
