Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Can Tho, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Can Tho
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Can Tho
Tonight
3/103/11
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Can Tho
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $97 +
Price per night
Popular
4 stars
10
Breakfast included
21
& up
26
Luxury
5
Property types
Resorts
B&Bs & Inns
+31
Hostels
+18
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
31
Pool
12
Free parking
22
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
37
39
Hotel class
5 stars
2
3 stars
2 stars
Style
Budget
Mid-range
19
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
1
Sheraton
82 of 574 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value

Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
$78
View deal
Agoda.com
$62
Skyscanner
$75
Vio.com
$68
View all deals from $62 
549 reviews
#1 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...”
Marriott Bonvoy member rate available
Sign in to view
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
Book Now with Marriott Bonvoy
Booking.com
$77
View all deals from $77 
993 reviews
#2 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...”
“From the minute we walked through the glass doors into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...”
Special offer
Visit hotel website
Best Seller
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
$53
$44
$49
View all deals from $44 
655 reviews
#3 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel accommodated to us changing our dates and adding a night on at the last minute.”
“Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...”
Victoria Can Tho Resort
$123
Hotel Website
$112
$100
$105
View all deals from $100 
1,991 reviews
#4 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...”
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
$39
$32
$40
Trip.com
$43
122 reviews
#5 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...”
“Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...”
Azerai Can Tho
$215
$204
Official Hotel
144 reviews
#6 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...”
West Hotel
$36
$21
$25
$50
View all deals from $21 
522 reviews
#7 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...”
Iris Hotel Can Tho
$31
$27
No fees just great deals
503 reviews
#8 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...”
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
$60
$56
View all deals from $56 
300 reviews
#9 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...”
Hau Giang Hotel
$19
$26
299 reviews
#10 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...”
Bamboo Eco Village
$38
44 reviews
#11 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...”
“We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…”
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
$14
336 reviews
#12 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...”
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
$33
5 reviews
#13 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
$29
$35
252 reviews
#14 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.”
“Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...”
Van Phat Riverside Hotel
$45
$48
View all deals from $39 
165 reviews
#15 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...”
Special rate available
Nesta Hotel
$34
View all deals from $32 
54 reviews
#16 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...”
“It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.”
Asia Hotel Can Tho
$15
$11
18 reviews
#17 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...”
“Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay.”
Saigon Cantho Hotel
$18
202 reviews
#18 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...”
“My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…”
International Hotel
$28
$30
View all deals from $28 
55 reviews
#19 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...”
“We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…”
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#20 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...”
Fit Hotel Can Tho
$16
#21 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#22 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…”
“The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...”
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
View all deals from $36 
9 reviews
#23 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the...”
Peony Hotel
$17
1 review
#24 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…”
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
$9
#25 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always…”
Linh Phuong 3
$23
4 reviews
#26 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and...”
“Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You…”
Lion Hotel
#27 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Tulip Hotel
#28 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#29 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
“the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...”
“I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the...”
10% less than usual
Hotel Phuc Long 2
#30 Best Value of 574 places to stay in Can Tho
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
1234567
82 of 574 properties
Clear all filters
 
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms
lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was...
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor)
after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
From the minute we walked through the glass doors into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...
From the minute we walked through the glass doors
into the lobby we were catered to. The staff at check in, the executive lounge staff and the servers in the restaurant were professional and eager to please. Mr...
The hotel accommodated to us changing our dates and adding a night on at the last minute.
The hotel accommodated to us changing our
dates and adding a night on at the last minute.
last minute
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing
short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
Receptionist at Victoria, your service is
fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort.
Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...
Beautiful location, very good staff and food.
Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see...
The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...
The whole experience was beyond all expectations.
The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel
is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
Good centralized location on a main street.
Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome
cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
Great location with easy walk to all the key
places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this
is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…
We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a
bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff…
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it
looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
The location is perfect, right in the city
center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...
Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms
are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at
the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
Located at the end of a street, this hotel did
well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was...
It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.
It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful
river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view.
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho –
walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay.
Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the
main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay.
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the
Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…
My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a
VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom…
Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
Great location in very center of Can Tho City,
and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…
We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3
nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is…
Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...
Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine).
Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a...
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to
the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...
The hotel met our expectations, providing good
value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the...
Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the...
Stayed here one night only and we were very happy
with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the...
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near
the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always…
Everything about this Hotel for a short term or
long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always…
Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and...
Nice room for fair price. Always again nice.
Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and...
Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You…
Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no
breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You…
the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...
the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the
hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...
I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the...
I'll keep this short by merely listing our main
grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the...
3
4
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
