Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Missing:LuxuryBeachfrontResort
2023
Halong Plaza Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#24 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
Alex Hotel
87 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We stayed at Alex hostel for 2 nights to do the ha long bay day cruise, Alex helped us to book the trip, gave us a free drink on arrival and water for the day we left. He helped us book a bus to ninh binh a few..."
"We are the families with kids and our kids want to visit the Sun World Halong park. The hotel is located less than 5mins walk from the amusement park. Have good wifi and hot shower. Free breakfast of bread, eggs and..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Top Rated
Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
In Halong Bay
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
Halong Backpackers Hostel
19 reviews
#67 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The bar is the best place to be on NYE. The music started slow with Ed Shearing and moved on to rock. The beer was flowing and people were dancing until 4am. Great atmosphere. There were many Westerners from the USA..."
"The laundry service there made my clothes smelly. I have a smelly vacation in Halong bay. Although the staff can say English and helpful. Halong bay is rainy frequently. After 24 hours, the clothes are still wet..."
Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#105 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Viet Nhat Halong Hotel
42 reviews
#7 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with very nice and helpful owners. The place is also clean and the shower was good. Warm water because every room has it’s own boiler. We had a great stay. The mattresses are a bit firm though but that’s..."
"Perched on a slope of one of the hills surrounding Halong, this hotel was situated conveniently. Glide down the hill and you get to the food, banks, coffeeshops and tourist attractions. We got the top room. Nice and..."
Kim Dung Hotel
9 reviews
#39 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We were greeted with a warm welcome from what we believed was the manager. Our room was ready early which is always a bonus. The room was a good size with a nice view of the lake. The mattress was a nice size but..."
"The hotel is quite far away from the main part of the city. It,s very clean, Rooms are big with a great view. The only problem we experience was that the personal didn´t understand english so it was really hard to..."
Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#41 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i..."
"The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if..."
Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#18 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
Ruby Halong Homestay
#22 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to..."
"The girls working there speak great English and make you feel very welcome. They gave us great travel advice and were very helpful. We also really loved the food and alcohol! The puppy and cats were so cute."
Kenny Hotel
20 reviews
#88 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities are..."
"Located a bit far from Halong Bay itself, and seems to focus its trade on tour groups (like ours!). Fairly new hotel and caters for the digital age with power points everywhere! Unfortunately, the toiletries were..."
1001 Nights Hotel
5 reviews
#40 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"It was good to find a hostel in a reasonable price that has double bed for couples. i liked it because its near to park, super market. breakfast is also available there. easy to catch buses for the beach."
"I regret not reading reviews of this place before staying here. I only stayed one night which was by far long enough. We didn't plan to stay in Halong City so we quickly had to book somewhere to stay last minute and..."
Ha Long Eden Hotel
#109 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly..."
"We had initially plan to stay in Halong for 2 days. Our experience with the people reduced that to one day. What ever you do, SHOP around and check out the rooms BEFORE you agree to stay at the hotels in Halong..."
1001 Nights Hotel - 27 Huong Tram
4 reviews
#13 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Stayed here for 5 nights and were warmly welcomed by the staff, we were given a room with a beautiful view overlooking the bay. Very clean with good facilities as well. The owner was very kind and even gave us a..."
"Stayed here for our time in Halong. Owner assisted in setting up a tour trip of the bay, transportation from hotel back up to hanoi, transportation while staying there, had great recommendation for food nearby, even..."
Bach Dang Hotel
10 reviews
#94 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
Blue Sky Hotel
#107 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do..."
"Context: stayed in the hotel on a staff team trip with a local company. Rates were clearly very cheap to handle our limited budget. So what could we expect? I only hoped for it to be clean. Result: My room was..."
Phuong Vi Hotel
12 reviews
#29 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"I bought the tour from this company to Halong Bay including transferring to Hanoi with private van. I paid by credit card she charge 4% I was ok with that, but we I got back to the Hotel I noticed she charge me more..."
"Don't use this place to book a tour, you will not get what you paid for. We paid for a private 16 seater to take us to Hanoi, a larger bus turned up. The driver said he was going to pick up 5 more people. We said no..."
Crown Hotel
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
#95 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the..."
"I have to say this is the worst we have stayed in so far. Bed is as hard as a rock,TV is small, air conditioning barely works. Bathroom-shower was ok but toilet was cracked around the bottom and didn't flush..."
Doan Trang Hotel
#34 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"If you want a place to stay the night, get laundry done, have a nice large room to get organized - this is the place. There is good A/C and even booked a bus for us to Ninh Binh. Price is cheap so good value. The..."
"We checked in for two nights. Our first room, the air con didn't work so we were moved. The next room, we were told the aircon would make the room cold in 10 minutes. 5 hours later the room is still hot. We laid..."
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
Ha Long Four Seasons
79 reviews
#12 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We have a great time in four seasons hotel. The room is simple but correct and the breakfast is included (simple but still better than Nothing). We booked the tour there for a good price and the manager helped us..."
"It was actually okay at first, but I was upset because I found out when I was to go out to go to a convenience store that the guy in the front desk went out and locked us out inside. I was scared because what if..."
Dang Quang Guesthouse
#17 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This hotel was excellent! We arrived without any reservation and they were very welcoming. The room was very clean, well-basic decorated but it had everything you need. The bed was by far one of the most..."
"Do not go there. The owner barely speaks English and takes it to its advantages to let you pay more... The communication is very bad, a real issue, here. This area is not a good idea to have a stop during your trip..."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Da Nang
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal. Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor. After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Read more
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
South Goa District
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
