Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Gym
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Gym in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
34 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Fitness center
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Gym was average enough for vietnam."
"Muong Thanh Hotel's fusion of elegant surroundings, impeccable service, and the rooftop pool made my visit an unforgettable one."
Best Seller
2. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#2 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"It was a great place to switch off and relax on the balcony, read a book, go to the gym, go for a swim in the pool etc."
"The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the beach swim and the pool swim both enjoyable."
3. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
#3 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Great customer services, fantastic views, spacious hotel rooms, indoor swimming pool and good gym."
"Swiming pool is so nice, great view from balcony...................................................................................Love hotel"
Visit hotel website
4. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#4 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay."
"I like hotel ~~ very comfort ,clean , kind staff TRISHA … very nice hotel ~~~~ Good breakfast , good pool , good rounge , good restaurant , good room .. And good nature spa : shampoo massage is good"
5. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#5 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"They accommodated my requests about bed size and turned on the ac in the gym during my use."
"It has a beautiful pool area as well."
6. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#6 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Staff were extremely helpful, we loved all of them, housekeeping, pool guy, gym guy, restaurant staff, gardeners and most especially the front desk staff (Quynh and Thoan)."
"All the staffs from reception, pool to restaurant and bar were very friendly and helpful."
7. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#7 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Lovely pool, good food"
"The following day, while I was seated at the pool, the same woman appeared with a hot cup or tea and cookies."
8. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
#8 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"From the Fitness Center, I can see Halong Bay with many ships, cruisers....I like looking outside while doing exercises... Room service is good, breakfast is good..."
"Good location, great staffs, beautiful view and nice pool!"
9. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#9 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The gym is spacious and there is both a table tennis table and tennis court in addition to the pool."
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
10. Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
#10 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
11. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#11 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
12. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#12 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
13. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#13 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
14. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#14 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
15. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#15 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods."
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
16. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#16 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
17. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#17 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
18. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#18 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
19. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#19 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
20. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
#20 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
21. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#21 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
22. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#22 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
"Mithrin Hotel has spacious, clean rooms. Ours had a view of the bay, which was nice. There is no walk-in shower in the bathroom, you have to climb into the slippery tub. Breakfast was good with enough choice. We..."
23. Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#23 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
24. Galaxy Halong Hotel
9 reviews
#24 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
25. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
#25 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
26. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#26 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
27. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#27 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
28. Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
#28 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here."
"We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked..."
29. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#29 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
30. Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#30 Best Value of 34 Halong Bay Hotels with Gym
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Gym
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Jakarta
Chaotic, crowded, and cosmopolitan, Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia, is a city of contrasts. Home to millions of people from around the world, the city is a mixture of languages and cultures, poverty and wealth. The city boasts some of the best nightlife in Asia and some of the worst traffic. Every holiday, the locals escape the pollution and the crowds to enjoy relaxing diversions like Ancol Dreamland, an amusement area featuring water parks, beaches, golf courses, and a SeaWorld.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Addis Ababa
Sometimes referred to as the capital of Africa, Addis Ababa is a buzzing hub of economic, social and political activity and home to such notable offices as the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa. The diversity of its people is reflected in the many churches, mosques and museums, including the Ethiopian National Museum which houses the fossilized skeleton of Dinkinesh, or Lucy, the Australopithecine discovered in the area in the 1970s.
Rostov Oblast
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Gym information
Hotels with Gym Halong Bay
34
Hotels with Gym Prices From
$24
Hotels with Gym Reviews
6,206
Hotels with Gym Photos
7,165
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with gym
What are the best hotels with gym near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with gym in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with gym in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a casino?
Do any hotels with gym in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
34 of 474
Gym was average enough for vietnam.
Gym
was average enough for vietnam.
Muong Thanh Hotel's fusion of elegant surroundings, impeccable service, and the rooftop pool made my visit an unforgettable one.
Muong Thanh Hotel's fusion of elegant surroundings, impeccable service, and the rooftop
pool
made my visit an unforgettable one.
It was a great place to switch off and relax on the balcony, read a book, go to the gym, go for a swim in the pool etc.
It was a great place to switch off and relax on the balcony, read a book, go to the
gym
, go for a swim in the pool etc.
The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the beach swim and the pool swim both enjoyable.
The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the beach swim and the
swim both enjoyable.
Great customer services, fantastic views, spacious hotel rooms, indoor swimming pool and good gym.
Great customer services, fantastic views, spacious hotel rooms, indoor swimming pool and good
.
Swiming pool is so nice, great view from balcony...................................................................................Love hotel
Swiming
is so nice, great view from balcony...................................................................................Love hotel
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay.
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants,
and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay.
I like hotel ~~ very comfort ,clean , kind staff TRISHA … very nice hotel ~~~~ Good breakfast , good pool , good rounge , good restaurant , good room .. And good nature spa : shampoo massage is good
I like hotel ~~ very comfort ,clean , kind staff TRISHA … very nice hotel ~~~~ Good breakfast , good
, good rounge , good restaurant , good room .. And good nature spa : shampoo massage is good
They accommodated my requests about bed size and turned on the ac in the gym during my use.
They accommodated my requests about bed size and turned on the ac in the
during my use.
It has a beautiful pool area as well.
It has a beautiful
area as well.
Staff were extremely helpful, we loved all of them, housekeeping, pool guy, gym guy, restaurant staff, gardeners and most especially the front desk staff (Quynh and Thoan).
Staff were extremely helpful, we loved all of them, housekeeping, pool guy,
guy, restaurant staff, gardeners and most especially the front desk staff (Quynh and Thoan).
All the staffs from reception, pool to restaurant and bar were very friendly and helpful.
All the staffs from reception,
to restaurant and bar were very friendly and helpful.
Lovely pool, good food
Lovely
, good food
The following day, while I was seated at the pool, the same woman appeared with a hot cup or tea and cookies.
The following day, while I was seated at the
, the same woman appeared with a hot cup or tea and cookies.
From the Fitness Center, I can see Halong Bay with many ships, cruisers....I like looking outside while doing exercises... Room service is good, breakfast is good...
From the
Fitness Center
, I can see Halong Bay with many ships, cruisers....I like looking outside while doing exercises... Room service is good, breakfast is good...
Good location, great staffs, beautiful view and nice pool!
Good location, great staffs, beautiful view and nice
!
The gym is spacious and there is both a table tennis table and tennis court in addition to the pool.
The
is spacious and there is both a table tennis table and tennis court in addition to the pool.
Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods.
Modern design, infinity
and 4 season
with great foods.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
