Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#5 of 11 resorts in Da Nang
Vo Nguyen Giap Street Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (3,194)
Traveler
(2727)
Room & Suite
(691)
Pool & Beach
(559)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.8
Service
4.7
Value
Travelers' Choice
TIA Wellness Resort is the new evolution of Asia’s award winning Fusion Maia Da Nang. The resort has been rebranded and upgraded to offer the finest luxury spa experience, alongside cutting-edge, creative wellness programs. Located on the central coast’s pristine My Khe beach and several world heritage sites, TIA accommoda-tion consists solely of private villas, each with their own pool and courtyard garden. More than an escape, it’s an authentic wellness journey featuring all-day breakfast, a Wellness Inclusive stay and service from the heart. Calendar highlights include pop-up art shows and culinary events, rotating weekend retreats and visiting wellness practitioners. Spa and wellness experiences are tailored especially for our guests. The Wellness Inclusive program in-cludes two daily treatments (80minutes in total) from the extensive wellness menu and free daily wellness classes. For those wishing to dive deeper into self-reflection, Retreat Inclusive programs promote relaxa-tion and purposeful living. Guests will enjoy two daily wellness therapies (120 minutes in total) and access to their own personal TIA wellness guide who will tailor the entire journey, including plant-based full-board meals. Our wellness team ensures guests return home with tools to ensure they continue to benefit from their stay after leaving through online resources to support their wellness goals. At TIA we empower guests to play an active role in shaping their reality.
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Babysitting
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Private beach
Desk
Fireplace
Minibar
Flatscreen TV
Bath / shower
Room types
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Luxury
Green
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 41 out of 100
41
Da Nang Airport
3.6 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.7 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
18 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
14 min
$$$$
Italian
Azure Beach Lounge
88
15 min
$$ - $$$
Seafood
Restaurant Epice
89
Asian
Cafe Indochine
115
See all nearby restaurants
3 Attractions
Namaka Jewelry
178
Speciality & Gift Shops
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
12 min
Shopping Malls
Fakarava Pearl
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in an idyllic setting, TIA Wellness Resort is lauded for its romantic villas and immaculate rooms that create a cozy atmosphere. The resort's exceptional service, characterized by attentive and professional staff, ensures a memorable stay.

Guests appreciate the spacious, high-quality rooms with private pools and the tranquil spa, which together with the luxurious amenities, offer significant value. While the resort generally receives praise for its top-quality food, some visitors have noted the dining experience could be improved.
Atmosphere
Romantic
Rooms
Spacious
Exceptional
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Top-notch
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
2,429
82
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 1,930
Very Good 355
Average 88
Poor 30
Terrible 26
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(2,429)
English(1,760)
Japanese(231)
Chinese (Sim.)(184)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsfusion maiaper dayprivate poolall day breakfastsunken bathincluded in the room ratefree shuttleour honeymoontai chimorning gloryyoga classesmain poolrelaxing staybuffet breakfastbedroom villamarble mountainmassagevietnamrelaxationprivacychloezen
Sort by:
Most Recent
Alex wrote a review Mar 1
Weggis, Switzerland1 contribution
Incredible stay
Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet, enjoying the super pool and the amazing beach access just footsteps away from our villa! Letting the day ending with a heart warming and relaxing massage… I cannot say more than just PERFECT!!! We will definitely come back to this wunderful hotel and thanks to all the staff for making this stay so unfogetable! Best regards, Alex and Andrea
Date of stay: February 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from TIA Wellness Resort, General Manager at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
Responded 1 week ago
Dear Mr. Andrea and Ms. Alex Thank you so much for sharing your delightful experience at TIA Wellness Resort! We are thrilled to hear that your three nights with us were nothing short of perfect. It's wonderful to know that you enjoyed the private pool, the incredible breakfast buffet, and the convenience of having the beach just steps away from your villa. We are especially pleased that the staff contributed to making your stay unforgettable. Your kind words are truly appreciated, and we will make sure to pass on your compliments to the entire team. We can't wait to welcome you both back for another fantastic stay.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Robin O wrote a review Jan 2024
8 contributions2 helpful votes
Beautiful resort
What a luxurious experience! My husband and I splurged a bit on this and it was so worth it. We were in the middle of our trip and this was exactly what we needed. The resort is so beautiful, the staff are sooo attentive and helpful. When you arrive you are greeted with drinks. We got a private villa which was so clean, cozy, and romantic. There is so much to do at the resort, there are 2 other pools to choose from, amazing dining, and our stay included 80mins of spa time where you could get like a 30min massage, then 50min facial, or manicure and pedicure, etc., The massages were amazing and so relaxing, perfect for us since we were starting to feel the affects of traveling. And my favourite part was all their vegan options! I am not vegan, but I have a sever dairy allergy, so…
Date of stay: January 2024
Responded Jan 30, 2024
Thank you for sharing a detailed review of your recent trip to Danang. We are pleased to know that you enjoyed your stay at TIA Wellness Resort and that you will keep good memories of your holidays as amazing pampering sessions, our vegan options and our attentive team. Looking forward to welcome you to Da Nang again!
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Kerri L wrote a review Dec 2023
Singapore, Singapore67 contributions43 helpful votes
+1
Wellness Paradise in Danang
I wasn’t sure what to expect but everything about my stay has been wonderful. I am traveling alone for retreat and TIA has exceeded my expectations. It is a boutique resort in Danang with 87 villas all with private pools. The staff are amazing and always available to help with anything you need. Depending on your package you have wellness or retreat treatments each day and if you want additional treatments they are reasonably priced. They have a gym and 2 pools in addition to your private pool. The room is well appointed and is great size for 2 people. Breakfast is included with buffet and Ala Carte of plant based or usual options. The mini bar is refreshed daily with healthy snacks and water. I will definitely be back and bring some friends.
Date of stay: December 2023
1 Helpful vote
Responded Dec 25, 2023
Thank you for choosing TIA Wellness Resort, your Wellness Paradise in Da Nang :-) We're delighted to hear that your stay exceeded expectations. We're thrilled you enjoyed the wellness treatments and private pools. It's fantastic to know you appreciated the variety of breakfast options and our complimentary healthy mini bar. We look forward to welcoming you back for another rejuvenating experience.
Celine wrote a review Dec 2023
4 contributions3 helpful votes
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
We spent 4 days at TIA and all i can say is “faultless”. Staying at TIA was an experience in itself. The resort itself is first class, from the cleanliness to the, rooms and facilities not to mention the impeccable and genuinely friendly service. I’m already planning my next trip!
Date of stay: November 2023
Responded Dec 3, 2023
Thank you for your glowing review! We're delighted to know that your 4-day stay with us at TIA Wellness Resort was faultless and that you enjoyed our resort, impeccable service, and friendly staff. We look forward to welcoming you back on your next trip and creating more memorable experiences for you!
Joe D wrote a review Nov 2023
2 contributions1 helpful vote
An Amazing Retreat
We came to Tia as friends recommended it to us as a great chance to chill for a few days amongst a busy Asian tour. Luckily the weather has been kind to us so we have stayed and made the most of the resort. A fantastic attentive Team is what makes this hotel work so well, five stars to All, thank you. Amazing Spa and the treatments are top class! The Spa Team are an absolute delight and make you feel so special, another big thank you. The Team at Breakfast cannot do enough to help and nothing is a problem. Thank you. All in all a brilliant stay and fully recharged for the next part of our tour thanks to Tia
Thank you for choosing TIA Wellness Resort! We're thrilled to read that your stay was amazing and that our attentive team, wellness treatments inclusive, and breakfast service stood out. It's fantastic to know we could contribute to your relaxation and recharge during your busy Asian tour. Your kind words motivate us to continue providing exceptional experiences. We appreciate your positive feedback and hope to welcome you back for another brilliant stay. Safe travels on the next leg of your tour!
Michael D wrote a review Nov 2023
Montreux, Switzerland36 contributions36 helpful votes
A truly memorable stay.
Could be the finest hotel I have ever stayed at. Right from arrival we were treated beautifully. The rooms are sumptuous. The spa is spectacular. The food is delicious (with a particular mention for the breakfast buffet which is a delight!). The staff (too numerous from time to time if I am being slightly churlish) were well trained and wonderfully welcoming. The management team were attentive and knowledgeable ( thanks Chloe for the shopping recommendations). I’m quit simply running out of superlatives. Thanks everybody for making our stay so enjoyable!
Responded Nov 23, 2023
Thank you for your glowing review! We're delighted to hear you enjoyed our hospitality, sumptuous villa, and our breakfast buffet. Our team strives to provide an unique wellness experience, and we appreciate your kind words. The entire TIA team look forward to welcoming you back for another memorable stay at TIA Wellness Resort!
Andy W wrote a review Oct 2023
7 contributions4 helpful votes
TIA Wellness Da Nang is out of this world
Imagine a place with a beautiful luxurious villa with your own private pool, which has access to a spa with yoga, breath work, Tai Chi, treatments such as massages or Reike - then imagine this is in DaNang Vietnam, a short ride from Hoi Ann a charming vietnamese town, full of character. Then imagine this place is staffed by the most charming, professional and welcoming staff and you are in TIA Wellness resort Da Nang. How about food? Healthy snacks in the mini bar along with detox water and tea, every day as part of the package - which includes 80 mins per person per day of spa treatments with experts in massage etc. Restaurants and room service (all day and night) offer delicious food with healthy options if you want them - all at reasonable prices. Don't miss the outside…
Date of stay: October 2023
Responded Oct 26, 2023
Thank you for your incredible review! We are thrilled to hear that you had such an amazing experience at TIA Wellness Resort. We take great pride in offering a luxurious escape that combines relaxation, wellness, and outstanding services. It's wonderful to know that you appreciated our private pool villa, the Wellness Centre with daily complimentary activities, and the proximity to Hoi An. We also take great care in our culinary offerings, ensuring a wide range of healthy and delicious options. The 2 wellness treatments per night aim to provide an unforgettable experience. Warm regards from our dedicated team who make you feel at home. We can't wait to welcome you back for another exceptional stay with us. Thank you for the heartwarming recommendation!
Michael F wrote a review Sep 2023
1 contribution
5 star Relaxation
We cannot explain in mere words our experience. We booked over a period in August to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The staff were amazing, being always ready to please. The food was brilliant and we defy anyone to say that there wasn’t something on the menu to please and delight. The flexibility of being able to have your breakfast at any time during the day was a refreshing change. The accomodation is first class and the daily supply of snacks and tonic drinks made our stay a pleasure. Access to the beach was easy and day beds/ pool loungers were always available. The town centre of Da Nang was only a cheap taxi ride away and Tia also provide free transport into Hoi An twice a day. Overall we can say that together with 80mins of daily massage, this was the most relaxing…
Date of stay: August 2023
Responded Sep 8, 2023
We are incredibly grateful that you chose to celebrate your wedding anniversary with us at TIA Wellness Resort. We are delighted you relished our food selection, the flexibility of all-day breakfast, and our first-class private pool villa. Our complimentary healthy minibar snacks and detox waters are here to enhance your stay. We are happy to read that you appreciated our readily available day beds, our complimentary shuttle bus from/to Hoi An and the 80 minutes of daily massage undoubtedly made your break supremely relaxing. Thank you for sharing this beautiful review, and we look forward to welcoming you back for more cherished moments.
Jill L wrote a review Aug 2023
5 contributions
Exceptional luxury spa hotel
This is a beautiful low rise hotel, situated in lovely landscaped gardens, stunning pools and spa and amazing food. You have great privacy in your luxury pool villa with little awareness of neighbouring villas. It feels uncrowded and spacious even when there are many other guests. The food and service are exceptional and a bit different (healthy but varied and high quality) in understated luxurious surroundings. The staff make a point of knowing your individual party and catering to your needs. (Linh in the poolside restaurant took great care to tell us about ingredients and dishes.) The beach is clean and uncrowded though a huge high rise complex being built next door may change that in future. There are views to the downtown buildings further down the beach. There are regular…
Responded Aug 31, 2023
Thank you for staying at TIA Wellness Resort, your exceptional luxury spa hotel. We are delighted to read that you appreciated our lovely gardens, infinity pool overlooking the sea, our quality healthy food and our complimentary shuttle bus service to Hoi An. Warm thank you for your recommendations, we look forward to your next visit.
Anne L wrote a review Aug 2023
3 contributions
Amazing Resort and Hotel….didn’t want to leave.
We have just left the Tia Wellness after a 5 night stay as part of a tour of Vietnam…just wow….what an amazing place to stay. We stayed in a one bedroom pool villa near the beach, which was stunning. The hotel facilities and grounds are immaculate and constantly maintained by the hard working staff. Spa facilities and staff are great, as were the staff at breakfast, which had a great variety to choose from. We took advantage of the paddle board use at the beach which was included which is a nice touch. We didn’t use the destination dining, but saw a couple having dinner on the beach, which looked very special. Unfortunately we needed to have the nurse visit on one day, and she was amazing, which sums up all of the staff. Nothing was ever too much trouble for any of the…
We are very pleased that you enjoyed our resort, from the location to the facilities, breakfast any-time to our luxurious garden... which made you didn't want to leave our oasis. Thank you for sharing that you appreciated the kindness of our nurse and all staff. Looking forward to welcoming you again for a private dinner on the beach. Warm regards from TIA Wellness Resort.
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$352 - $479 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
ALSO KNOWN AS
Fusion Maia Hotel Da Nang
FORMERLY KNOWN AS
Fusion Maia Da Nang
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
87
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
TIA WELLNESS RESORT - SPA INCLUSIVE - Updated 2024 Prices & Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
Frequently Asked Questions about TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
Which popular attractions are close to TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Nearby attractions include Namaka Jewelry (0.7 miles), Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store (0.6 miles), and Fakarava Pearl (0.7 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Top room amenities include a minibar, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Yes, free parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Conveniently located restaurants include Don Cipriani's, Azure Beach Lounge, and Restaurant Epice.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a fitness center, and a sauna during their stay.
Does TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive have airport transportation?
Yes, TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Does TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive offer any business services?
Yes, guests have access to a business center and meeting rooms during their stay.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English and Vietnamese.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(3,194)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.6
mi
44.7
14
min
15
12
1,930
355
30
26
All languages
(2,429)
English
(1,760)
Japanese
(231)
Chinese (Sim.)
(184)
Alex
Weggis, Switzerland
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Robin O
8 contributions
8
2 helpful votes
2
What a luxurious experience! My husband and I splurged a bit on this and it was so worth it. We were in the middle of our trip and this was exactly what we needed. The resort is so beautiful, the staff are sooo attentive and helpful. When you arrive you are greeted with drinks. We got a private villa which was so clean, cozy, and romantic. There is so much to do at the resort, there are 2 other pools to choose from, amazing dining, and our stay included 80mins of spa time where you could get like a 30min massage, then 50min facial, or manicure and pedicure, etc., The massages were amazing and so relaxing, perfect for us since we were starting to feel the affects of traveling. And my favourite part was all their vegan options! I am not vegan, but I have a sever dairy allergy, so
Kerri L
Singapore, Singapore
67 contributions
67
43 helpful votes
43
Celine
4 contributions
3 helpful votes
3
Joe D
2 contributions
1 helpful vote
Michael D
Montreux, Switzerland
36 contributions
36
36 helpful votes
Andy W
7 contributions
7
4 helpful votes
Imagine a place with a beautiful luxurious villa with your own private pool, which has access to a spa with yoga, breath work, Tai Chi, treatments such as massages or Reike - then imagine this is in DaNang Vietnam, a short ride from Hoi Ann a charming vietnamese town, full of character. Then imagine this place is staffed by the most charming, professional and welcoming staff and you are in TIA Wellness resort Da Nang. How about food? Healthy snacks in the mini bar along with detox water and tea, every day as part of the package - which includes 80 mins per person per day of spa treatments with experts in massage etc. Restaurants and room service (all day and night) offer delicious food with healthy options if you want them - all at reasonable prices. Don't miss the outside
Michael F
We cannot explain in mere words our experience. We booked over a period in August to celebrate our wedding anniversary. The staff were amazing, being always ready to please. The food was brilliant and we defy anyone to say that there wasn’t something on the menu to please and delight. The flexibility of being able to have your breakfast at any time during the day was a refreshing change. The accomodation is first class and the daily supply of snacks and tonic drinks made our stay a pleasure. Access to the beach was easy and day beds/ pool loungers were always available. The town centre of Da Nang was only a cheap taxi ride away and Tia also provide free transport into Hoi An twice a day. Overall we can say that together with 80mins of daily massage, this was the most relaxing
Jill L
5
This is a beautiful low rise hotel, situated in lovely landscaped gardens, stunning pools and spa and amazing food. You have great privacy in your luxury pool villa with little awareness of neighbouring villas. It feels uncrowded and spacious even when there are many other guests. The food and service are exceptional and a bit different (healthy but varied and high quality) in understated luxurious surroundings. The staff make a point of knowing your individual party and catering to your needs. (Linh in the poolside restaurant took great care to tell us about ingredients and dishes.) The beach is clean and uncrowded though a huge high rise complex being built next door may change that in future. There are views to the downtown buildings further down the beach. There are regular
Anne L
We have just left the Tia Wellness after a 5 night stay as part of a tour of Vietnam…just wow….what an amazing place to stay. We stayed in a one bedroom pool villa near the beach, which was stunning. The hotel facilities and grounds are immaculate and constantly maintained by the hard working staff. Spa facilities and staff are great, as were the staff at breakfast, which had a great variety to choose from. We took advantage of the paddle board use at the beach which was included which is a nice touch. We didn’t use the destination dining, but saw a couple having dinner on the beach, which looked very special. Unfortunately we needed to have the nurse visit on one day, and she was amazing, which sums up all of the staff. Nothing was ever too much trouble for any of the
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
