Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayRiver rafting & tubing in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay River Rafting & Tubing
River Rafting & Tubing in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
River Rafting & Tubing
Show all
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
4 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Amethyst Day Cruise
66
Multi-day Tours • River Rafting & Tubing
By DayTrip65396043951
Ride Amethyst with your family A one-day trip to Halong Bay on a five-star cruise ship was really a perfect itinerary.
2. Queen Cruises
9
River Rafting & Tubing • Taxis & Shuttles
By Seaside814106
It was wonderful trip with super friendly staff, great foods & drinks, beautiful landscape. Everything was organized...
3. Best Price Tour Co.ltd
4
River Rafting & Tubing • Historical & Heritage Tours
Open now
4. Luxury Halong Bay Trip 2 day or 3 day tour
1
By hilary262015
We chose Orchid Classic cruise and were weren’t disappointed.From beginning with a pickup in a limousine van to leaving...
What travelers are saying
Benny
3 contributions
0
Wonderful trip in Ha long bay
Amazing with my honey trip in ha long bay , it’s perfect, this is first time we travel in ha long bay on Amethyst day cruise
good time , good food , the staff is very friendly helpfull she make my trip is wonderful in the world .Brenna thank for everything and see you soon .
Read more
Review of: Amethyst Day Cruise
Written March 7, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Seaside814106
1 contribution
Amazing services
It was wonderful trip with super friendly staff, great foods & drinks, beautiful landscape. Everything was organized perfectly to enjoy the beauty of the Halong Bay. I did kayaking, swimming, hiking, visiting the cave and so on. I highly recommend this cruise to you if you are looking for wonderful memories with your family and friends!
Review of: Queen Cruises
Written March 7, 2023
hilary262015
Blackpool, UK40 contributions
An excellent two nights on an Orchid Classic cruise in Halong Bay and beyond.
We chose Orchid Classic cruise and were weren’t disappointed.From beginning with a pickup in a limousine van to leaving the boat everything was first class.The abundance of excellent food is to be remembered.The staff were lovely always smiling and serving us as though we were royalty.The bedrooms with big windows and balconies to get the fantastic views were immaculate.Very well organised especially the way the luggage was handled.I would recommend this cruise to anyone.There are so many different boats to choose from but we definitely chose correctly.
Review of: Luxury Halong Bay Trip 2 day or 3 day tour
Written February 22, 2023
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for river rafting & tubing in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
River rafting & tubing in Halong Bay
1.
DayTrip65396043951
Ride Amethyst with your family A one-day trip to Halong Bay on a five-star cruise ship was really a perfect
itinerary
.
2.
3.
4.
Blackpool, UK
40 contributions
