Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lan Ha Bay, Cat Ba
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
View map
Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lan Ha Bay
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+136
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
130
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
36
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
773 of 1,885 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lan Ha Bay

31. Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
42 reviews
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
4.3 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#31 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...”
32. The Moon Boutique Hotel Cat Ba
37 reviews
04 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…”
Visit hotel website
33. Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
Cat Co III Beach | Cat Ba Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...”
2023
34. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
Cat Co 3 Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...”
35. Catba Tropicana Homestay
17 reviews
21 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#35 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...”
36. Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
16/3 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...”
37. Dolphin Hotel
1 review
228 M_t Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#37 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…”
38. Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
No: 210 - 1/4 Str, Group 17th, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.4 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#38 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…”
39. Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
219 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…”
40. My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
212 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...”
41. Pina Boutique Inn - Hotel Elite
9 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
42. Cat Ba Boutique Inn
33 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality”
43. Sea Pearl Cat Ba Hotel
219, 1/4 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…”
44. Catba Love Hotel
261 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#44 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…”
45. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
No 43, 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...”
46. Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
29 Du_ng 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
#46 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…”
47. Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
197 Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…”
48. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
43 Mot Thang Tu | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…”
49. Cat Ba Relax House
5 reviews
Nui Ngoc So 9 Ngo 6, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...”
50. Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
188 1 4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#50 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...”
51. Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
303 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 180000, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...”
52. Catba Dung Lien Hotel
1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.”
53. New Way Hotel and Restaurant
207 M_t Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
54. Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
172 Du_ng 1/4, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…”
55. Cat Ba Bay Vision Hotel
6 reviews
So 201, To Dan Pho 17, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…”
56. Cat Ba Seaview Hotel
220 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.”
57. Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
Nam Cat Island | Lan Ha Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...”
58. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
231- 232 Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…”
59. Tien Thang Hotel
So nha 238 Duong 1/4 Thi Tran, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...”
60. Thanh Cong Hotel
39 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.”
Previous
Next
123456…
773 of 1,885 properties
Clear all filters
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are
clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
04 Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable. All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
Top hotel which is stylish and very comfortable.
All fixtures and furnishings are high quality. The staff go beyond what is expected to spoil you. Son Minh Trang was always at work and aiming to please. We had…
Cat Co III Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 215420,
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach
and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very...
Cat Co 3 Beach
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle
d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba...
21 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc
Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...
Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help
us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...
16/3 Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...
A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator,
bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...
228 M_t Thang Tu
Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…
Good place for staying on Cat Ba island. The room
has Seaview so beautiful. The restaurant downstairs very large. The Food and Drinks so good with traditional Vietnamese food. The hotel is good location. Very…
No: 210 - 1/4 Str, Group 17th
Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…
Best feature is its position - right on the bay
and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…
219 Duong 1/4
We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…
We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an
amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was…
212 1/4 Street
Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...
Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and
fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price...
9 Nui Ng_c
33 Nui Ng_c
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view
of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
219, 1/4 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313,
Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…
Had a wonderful complimentary breakfast at Kasbah
restaurant. There were a variety of breakfast items available. The staff were professional and especially Mr Raju was exceptionally hospitable. Thoroughly…
261 Nui Ngoc
Room was really spacious and clean, with a large bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…
Room was really spacious and clean, with a large
bathroom. Had all the required amenities in the room like water bottles, soap, towels etc. Location was also really good as it’s fairly out the way of the main…
No 43, 1/4 Street
The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...
The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful,
booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A...
29 Du_ng 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went
above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
197 Street 1/4
We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…
We were here for 2 nights and had a really big
room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…
43 Mot Thang Tu
Cat Ba Town
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along
the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
Nui Ngoc So 9 Ngo 6
The room was basic but clean. The family that runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...
The room was basic but clean. The family that
runs the hotel is very friendly but doesn’t speak English. They never asked for our pasport. I had to pay cash, which is the only option in this hotel, but did not get...
188 1 4 Street
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also
rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
303 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba, Cat Hai
Hai Phong 180000,
Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...
Plus points: on a quiet street but still
convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast...
1/4 Street
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel,
all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
207 M_t Thang Tu
172 Du_ng 1/4
Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234,
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba
island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
So 201, To Dan Pho 17
Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…
Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision
tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…
220 Duong 1/4
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff
thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
Nam Cat Island
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with
our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
231- 232 Street 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here,
the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also…
So nha 238 Duong 1/4 Thi Tran
This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...
This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The
view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos...
39 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the
receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
