Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCheap Hotels in Can Tho
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Can Tho
Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
15 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
1. Hau Giang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
299 reviews
#1 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"Clean budget hotel"
2. Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#2 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
3. Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#3 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"(Even at the markets I didn’t feel targeted as a white tourist) Extremely affordable and professional dentistry in the area too! 1/10th the price of Australia"
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
4. Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#4 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
5. Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
#5 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always..."
"My wife and I stayed here overnight as part of a VietFun weekend travel package to the Mekong. As mentioned in other reviews it is Very close to the Night Market and the river. We found it to be clean, bathroom and..."
6. Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#6 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
7. Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#7 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
8. Linh Phuong 3
4 reviews
#8 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
9. Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#9 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a rate..."
"Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank..."
10. Phuong Dong Hotel
14 reviews
#10 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window..."
"If you want a cheap room for the night then stay here, my room was neat and reasonably clean. Don't use the lifts to risky trust the stairs. All staff English is very poor or non existant. the restaurant menu..."
11. Can Tho Guesthouse
8 reviews
#11 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though..."
"Who in their right mind would put the external part of the air con unit INSIDE the building Constant sound of knackered air con units right outside your door (room 214) will keep you awake ALL night Add to..."
12. Phuong Nga Hotel
31 reviews
#12 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is located far from Ninh Kieu Quay, it is about thirty minutes walk to it. I stayed in a standard double room in September. The room was around 20 square meters, it had a refrigerator, electric tea pot..."
"Good value hotel with a fair breakfast( small selection but good presentation and service). Room was a good size. clean and well fitted out. On a main street with shops at hand. Not many eating places nearby."
13. Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#13 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
14. Hoa Phuong Hotel
37 reviews
#14 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"I went there to visit the Mekong Delta. The plan was to stay there three nights, but at least I stayed only two nights. The room and the bathroom weren't really clean and air conditioning and wifi didn't work. But..."
"Ok I know the tour from Sinh tourist is quite cheap, but there'are a lot of better hôtels at the same price. Obviously they have an agreement with sinh tourist. the main problem is the dirt, the whole place would..."
15. Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
#15 Best Value of 15 Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
"I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the..."
"We had to stay in this hotel as part of a 2 day Mekong Delta Tour (also not recommended). We wouldn't have chose it otherwise. It is obviously a "pay by hour" hotel from the red light on the bedroom wall, provided..."
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Ben Tre
Kien Giang Province
Ben Tre Province
Rach Gia
An Giang Province
Chau Doc
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Nairobi
Known as the safari capital of Africa, Nairobi is an energetic, modern city that serves as a fascinating introduction to both wildlife and nightlife. Music clubs pulse with life, shops and markets bustle, and a mélange of restaurants will tempt your palate in this former Maasai watering hole. Top sights include the Karen Blixen Museum, Giraffe Centre and the black rhinos of Nairobi National Park. The compact city center is safe to walk in and taxis make other areas accessible.
Cox's Bazar
Popular Can Tho Categories
Downtown Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Top Rated
Oasis Hotel
343 reviews
41.4 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"This small guesthouse is run by a lovely couple who aim to give their guests a good experience. The place was clean, bedroom a good size and breakfast was excellent . You can hire bikes which we did . The town..."
Forever Green Resort
18 reviews
36.9 miles from Can Tho
#8 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Good place for family holidays with peace landscapes, friendly services: clean and neat room, well equipped swimming pool, acceptable restaurant. However, the fool is general too sweet as a common taste of western..."
"Is a relaxing place you can go and have a good stay-cation with full range of 4 Star services with swimming pools, spa, beautiful gardens, fishing and watching firefly by boat at night. There is Mekong River..."
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
Viet Uc Hotel
94 reviews
42.2 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Normally I stay at the Ham Luong Hotel when I stay in BenTre, but this time we decided to try the Viet Uc hotel. The hotel itself us quite good, the room was a decent size and clean. The bathroom was clean but a..."
"Really enjoyed our stay at Viet Uc Hotel. The room was very clean, the beds were super comfortable and we had a great view over the river.... and it was walking distance to everything we wanted to do in Ben Tre..."
Best Seller
Hoa Binh - Rach Gia Resort
92 reviews
48.1 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"I stayed recently at this resort for two nights and it more than met my requirements. Although it can be a little dated the hotel for a 4 star was very good. The pool is a descent size and the breakfast was..."
"This is now my favorite place whenever I travel to Rach Gia (at least twice a year, 1-2 weeks each time) Staffs are very friendly and professional as expected. Keep it up! Morning buffets have variety of foods (I..."
Hung Vuong Hotel
42 reviews
42.1 miles from Can Tho
#12 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"I'm from Roma and was on holiday trip in Saigon and decided to take a 3 days trip to Ben Tre in February 2017 and this hotel recommended by a friends in Saigon saying this is a reasonable price hotel. Ok, I did..."
"The hotel locates at a very good location, next to the river. That is only good thing of the hotel. Other things are average or lower. Breakfast is OK. Free parking. Wifi signals are not stable and weak. Beds would..."
Palace Hotel
43 reviews
48.3 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"I was staying in Palace Hotel one night as I was attending a wedding in a village about 1 hour drive away. My room, #409 was large, with a small balcony and a view over part of the park. The bed was comfortable, but..."
"My wife and I stayed 1 night enroute from the border at Ha Tien to Can Tho. Very reasonably priced. Good staff with reasonable English who kindly booked our next days bus trip (no commission). Clean and spacious..."
Sea Stars Hotel
11 reviews
47.6 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"Good cheap hotel but it is amongst the back street. Owners and staff do not speak much English and it is hard to communicate with them. The rooms were spacious and clean, Numerous places to eat and it is near a..."
"This is a very nice property located away from the downtown area of Rach Gia. I had to ride up and down the street several times until I found it as Google Maps couldn't pinpoint the address. I was able to..."
Henry Hotel (Khach San Henry)
47.5 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"The Henry Hotel in Rach Gia City offers good accommodations at a reasonable price... my large room was very clean, and had welcome amenities such as a small 'fridge, good A/C, hot water pot for tea/coffee, and a..."
"Booked for us by an agency it probably wasn't one we would have chosen ourselves. It is built in an expansion area where not much else has expanded. A good walk away from the town centre. We had a reasonable..."
Sea Light Hotel
68 reviews
48.2 miles from Can Tho
#9 of 34 hotels in Rach Gia
"Larger hotel in Rach Gia, but the rooms are very dated from furniture to bathroom. Everything was adequately clean. The prices are extremely low, and so for such pricing, it's a reasonable deal, but probably well..."
"Hotel was mostly clean and neat. Most of the hotels I went to on my trip had mold everywhere. The only place that this hotel had mold was around the sink. I also really liked how roomy the place was, so, yay!"
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
West Hotel
522 reviews
In Can Tho
#10 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
Mien Tay Hotel
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the shiny..."
"We stayed overnight in a triple room with my husband and son, on our way to Mu Cang Chai. The town is not very interesting - except for the market which was fascinating! - and there are very few tourists so..."
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Cheap Hotels information
Cheap Hotels Can Tho
15
Cheap Hotels Prices From
$16
Cheap Hotels Reviews
2,053
Cheap Hotels Photos
1,149
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which cheap hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Can Tho?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Can Tho that have a family room?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have wheelchair access?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
15 of 574
Clean budget hotel
(Even at the markets I didn’t feel targeted as a white tourist) Extremely affordable and professional dentistry in the area too! 1/10th the price of Australia
(Even at the markets I didn’t feel targeted as a white tourist)
Extremely affordable
and professional dentistry in the area too! 1/10th the price of Australia
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
