Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Ong Temple, Can Tho
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Hotels near Ong Temple
View map
Hotels near Ong Temple
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
32 Hai Ba Trung street, Tan An Ward, Can Tho 92000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Ong Temple
Popular
4 stars
13
Breakfast included
35
& up
55
Budget
15
Property types
Resorts
All-inclusives
B&Bs & Inns
+100
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
59
Pool
23
Free parking
46
Distance from
25+ mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
75
78
Hotel class
5 stars
2
3 stars
18
2 stars
9
Style
Mid-range
32
Luxury
6
Family-friendly
21
Show more
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
1
Sheraton
373 of 1,246 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Ong Temple

61. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
122 reviews
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu | Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Ong Temple
#61 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...”
62. Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
02 Nguyen Van Cu Street | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Ong Temple
#62 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...”
63. Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
No.8 Xuan Thuy St, Cai Son & Hang Bang Ar., Zone 2, An Binh Ward, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#63 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…”
64. Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
C233/4 Nguyen Van Linh Street | Hung Loi Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
3.4 miles from Ong Temple
#64 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…”
Top Rated
65. Song Ngu Pisces Homestay
18 reviews
So 113, My Loc | Nguyen Van Cu Noi Dai, My Khanh, Vietnam
6.3 miles from Ong Temple
#65 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“We really enjoyed our stay with Cindy and Matthias and their friendly team. The room was spacious and clean, The food was excellent and the beds were great ! We also did the Bicycle-tour which was great fun with...”
66. Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
My Thuan Hamlet, My Khanh Commune, Phong Dien District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
5.8 miles from Ong Temple
#66 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...”
67. Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
31-35, Chau Van Liem, Phuong Tan An, Quan Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 910000, Vietnam
6.2 miles from Ong Temple
#67 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. ”
68. Kidu Homestay
1 review
139 ap My Loc Xa My Khanh Huyen Phong Dien Tp Can Tho, Can Tho, Vietnam
5.6 miles from Ong Temple
#68 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The motel is wonderful - hospitable - clean with charming river views, especially the food here is very delicious. The owner is friendly. There is a boat rental service to experience Cai Rang floating market, near...”
69. Mekong Chill Homestay
3 reviews
To 13, Ap My Hung 1, Xa My Hoa, Binh Minh, Vietnam
1.8 miles from Ong Temple
#69 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…”
70. Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
3-5-7-9 Tran Vinh Kiet, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
2.8 miles from Ong Temple
#70 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...”
71. Khach san La Thanh
604 Ngo Quyen Street, Binh Minh, Vietnam
#71 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
72. Boutique Lodge Can Tho Homestay
Duong 61C, Can Tho, Vietnam
6.4 miles from Ong Temple
#72 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
73. Phuong Nam Hotel
6 reviews
384A Nguyen Sinh Sac | Ward 1, Sa Dec 870000, Vietnam
18.1 miles from Ong Temple
#73 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is cozy and quiet although it locates at main street of Sadek. We had a night walk from the hotel to Sadek market and surround place easily. There were a lot of food, goods and a bus stop at the market...”
74. Muong Dinh Lodge
R_ch Muong Dinh, _p Nhon Phu 1, Can Tho, Vietnam
9.2 miles from Ong Temple
#74 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
75. Kim Khanh Hotel
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
2.1 miles from Ong Temple
#75 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...”
76. Flower Boutique Lodge
Rach Muong Dinh, Ap Nhon Phu 1 | Xa Nhon Nghia A, Can Tho, Vietnam
9.1 miles from Ong Temple
#76 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
77. Mekong Riverside Boutique Resort & Spa
315 reviews
Hoa Qui Ward | Hoa Khanh Subdistrict, Cai Be 0273, Vietnam
25.8 miles from Ong Temple
#77 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what…”
78. Mekong Daniel Bungalow
Nhon Khanh, Nhon Nghia, Phong Dien, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
23.1 miles from Ong Temple
#78 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this...”
79. Van Kim Long Hotel
26 Dt 848, Sa Dec, Vietnam
18.3 miles from Ong Temple
#79 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“There aren't many hotels in Sadec, and Van Kim Long hits all of the right marks. Facilities are clean, amenities good for the price point, and very conveniently located. VKL is near a beautiful public park, and...”
80. Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
Dong Hoa Hiep, Cai Be 860000, Vietnam
26.1 miles from Ong Temple
#80 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...”
81. Phuoc Thanh IV Hotel
116B-118-120 Nguyen Hue, Ward 2, Vinh Long, Vietnam
19.1 miles from Ong Temple
#81 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Only more 10 usd per night, the price was reasonable. The location was excellent, arround 5' go to Vinh Long maket or city center! Thế room was good with basic facilities, big bed. Only one things not good is…”
82. Mekong Family Nam Giang Homestay
Tan Thien | Tan Phong, Lai Cay, Cai Be 860000, Vietnam
#82 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“We stopped by on or biketour through the Mekong delta spontaneous and got welcomed with open arms. One of the loveliest people we met in Vietnam. We had in the evening an amazing (vegan) dinner and a great chat…”
83. SOJO Hotel Hau Giang
16 Nguyen Cong Tru, Phuong 1, Vi Thanh, Vietnam
27.7 miles from Ong Temple
#83 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“A good hotel and location. I was stayed 1 night.The room is very clean, staff friendly. Breakfast is ok. Not too much good tast. Its very convenient for me, i was enjoyed a good trip. I will back next time”
84. Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
185G1 - KV Thanh My- Thuong Thanh, Can Tho, Vietnam
#84 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...”
85. Cuu Long A Hotel
34 reviews
1, 1/5 St. Province, Vinh Long 91000, Vietnam
20.1 miles from Ong Temple
#85 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“A old hotel, in the very center of Vinh Long town, with very basic sleep requirement. Not expect any relaxation, leisure while staying in the hotel. My riverview room - with a small window overlooking the Tien...”
86. Khach San Hau Giang
18 Hai Thuong Lan Ong, Vi Thanh, Vietnam
#86 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“this was excellent value for money. Very clean, very comfortable and quite spacious. the food in the restaurant was of good quality and variety. The only issue was the lack of anyone who could converse in English...”
87. Mong Yen Hotel
786 Pham Huu Lau, Ward 6, Cao Lanh, Vietnam
29.0 miles from Ong Temple
#87 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“5km from downtown Cao Lanh city. But its near the Dong Thap University. If you want to live a student lifestyle you should to stay here. We often go here to Karaoke. There are many Karaoke room inside (>20 room...”
88. Tan Phuoc 2
So 9 Le Thanh Ton | Q. Ninh Kieu, TP,, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.9 miles from Ong Temple
#88 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...”
89. Nam Phuong
11 Le Loi, P.1, Vinh Long, Vinh Long, Vietnam
20.0 miles from Ong Temple
#89 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is very cheap, and if you don't plan to spend any time in it other than sleep, it works. Perhaps the most peculiar aspect was the tiny windows with mottled glass so you couldn't see out--in a hotel with...”
90. Tulip Hotel
D5/10 + D5/11, Duong So 2, Khu Dan Cu Long Thinh Phuong Phu Thu, Quan Cai Rang, Can Tho, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
Previous
Next
123456…
373 of 1,246 properties
Clear all filters
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu
Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist
Can Tho 900000,
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort.
Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
02 Nguyen Van Cu Street
Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho,
I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
I booked this hotel without looking closely at
the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening...
No.8 Xuan Thuy St, Cai Son & Hang Bang Ar., Zone 2, An Binh Ward
Can Tho 92000,
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place
and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe…
C233/4 Nguyen Van Linh Street
Hung Loi Ward, Ninh Kieu District
The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…
The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean .
The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff…
So 113, My Loc
Nguyen Van Cu Noi Dai
My Khanh,
We really enjoyed our stay with Cindy and Matthias and their friendly team. The room was spacious and clean, The food was excellent and the beds were great ! We also did the Bicycle-tour which was great fun with...
We really enjoyed our stay with Cindy and
Matthias and their friendly team. The room was spacious and clean, The food was excellent and the beds were great ! We also did the Bicycle-tour which was great fun with...
My Thuan Hamlet, My Khanh Commune, Phong Dien District
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this
is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also...
31-35, Chau Van Liem, Phuong Tan An, Quan Ninh Kieu
Can Tho 910000,
During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience.
During my trip through Vietnam, I came across
this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience.
139 ap My Loc Xa My Khanh Huyen Phong Dien Tp Can Tho
The motel is wonderful - hospitable - clean with charming river views, especially the food here is very delicious. The owner is friendly. There is a boat rental service to experience Cai Rang floating market, near...
The motel is wonderful - hospitable - clean with
charming river views, especially the food here is very delicious. The owner is friendly. There is a boat rental service to experience Cai Rang floating market, near...
To 13, Ap My Hung 1, Xa My Hoa
Binh Minh,
Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…
Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we
booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…
3-5-7-9 Tran Vinh Kiet
Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...
Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very
friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...
604 Ngo Quyen Street
Duong 61C
384A Nguyen Sinh Sac
Ward 1
Sa Dec 870000,
The hotel is cozy and quiet although it locates at main street of Sadek. We had a night walk from the hotel to Sadek market and surround place easily. There were a lot of food, goods and a bus stop at the market...
The hotel is cozy and quiet although it locates
at main street of Sadek. We had a night walk from the hotel to Sadek market and surround place easily. There were a lot of food, goods and a bus stop at the market...
R_ch Muong Dinh, _p Nhon Phu 1
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
Not too far from the river and the different
eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
Rach Muong Dinh, Ap Nhon Phu 1
Xa Nhon Nghia A
Hoa Qui Ward
Hoa Khanh Subdistrict
Cai Be 0273,
Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what…
Great view, clean and fresh. Nice food and
service. Room a bit small, but very nice window view. Eventhough thing is not as perfect as it should be for 4 Stars resort, I still want to give them 4 stars for what…
Nhon Khanh, Nhon Nghia, Phong Dien
If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this...
If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta,
specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this...
26 Dt 848
Sa Dec,
There aren't many hotels in Sadec, and Van Kim Long hits all of the right marks. Facilities are clean, amenities good for the price point, and very conveniently located. VKL is near a beautiful public park, and...
There aren't many hotels in Sadec, and Van Kim
Long hits all of the right marks. Facilities are clean, amenities good for the price point, and very conveniently located. VKL is near a beautiful public park, and...
Dong Hoa Hiep
Cai Be 860000,
Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...
Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the
vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...
116B-118-120 Nguyen Hue, Ward 2
Vinh Long,
Only more 10 usd per night, the price was reasonable. The location was excellent, arround 5' go to Vinh Long maket or city center! Thế room was good with basic facilities, big bed. Only one things not good is…
Only more 10 usd per night, the price was
reasonable. The location was excellent, arround 5' go to Vinh Long maket or city center! Thế room was good with basic facilities, big bed. Only one things not good is…
Tan Thien
Tan Phong, Lai Cay
We stopped by on or biketour through the Mekong delta spontaneous and got welcomed with open arms. One of the loveliest people we met in Vietnam. We had in the evening an amazing (vegan) dinner and a great chat…
We stopped by on or biketour through the Mekong
delta spontaneous and got welcomed with open arms. One of the loveliest people we met in Vietnam. We had in the evening an amazing (vegan) dinner and a great chat…
16 Nguyen Cong Tru, Phuong 1
Vi Thanh,
A good hotel and location. I was stayed 1 night.The room is very clean, staff friendly. Breakfast is ok. Not too much good tast. Its very convenient for me, i was enjoyed a good trip. I will back next time
A good hotel and location. I was stayed 1
night.The room is very clean, staff friendly. Breakfast is ok. Not too much good tast. Its very convenient for me, i was enjoyed a good trip. I will back next time
185G1 - KV Thanh My- Thuong Thanh
The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...
The atmostphere is really nice at there. People
friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the...
1, 1/5 St. Province
Vinh Long 91000,
A old hotel, in the very center of Vinh Long town, with very basic sleep requirement. Not expect any relaxation, leisure while staying in the hotel. My riverview room - with a small window overlooking the Tien...
A old hotel, in the very center of Vinh Long
town, with very basic sleep requirement. Not expect any relaxation, leisure while staying in the hotel. My riverview room - with a small window overlooking the Tien...
18 Hai Thuong Lan Ong
this was excellent value for money. Very clean, very comfortable and quite spacious. the food in the restaurant was of good quality and variety. The only issue was the lack of anyone who could converse in English...
this was excellent value for money. Very clean,
very comfortable and quite spacious. the food in the restaurant was of good quality and variety. The only issue was the lack of anyone who could converse in English...
786 Pham Huu Lau, Ward 6
Cao Lanh,
5km from downtown Cao Lanh city. But its near the Dong Thap University. If you want to live a student lifestyle you should to stay here. We often go here to Karaoke. There are many Karaoke room inside (>20 room...
5km from downtown Cao Lanh city. But its near the
Dong Thap University. If you want to live a student lifestyle you should to stay here. We often go here to Karaoke. There are many Karaoke room inside (>20 room...
So 9 Le Thanh Ton
Q. Ninh Kieu, TP,
Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...
Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but
very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...
11 Le Loi, P.1, Vinh Long
The hotel is very cheap, and if you don't plan to spend any time in it other than sleep, it works. Perhaps the most peculiar aspect was the tiny windows with mottled glass so you couldn't see out--in a hotel with...
The hotel is very cheap, and if you don't plan to
spend any time in it other than sleep, it works. Perhaps the most peculiar aspect was the tiny windows with mottled glass so you couldn't see out--in a hotel with...
D5/10 + D5/11, Duong So 2, Khu Dan Cu Long Thinh Phuong Phu Thu, Quan Cai Rang
3
4
5
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
