Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Matches:Resort
Missing:Boating
Sono Belle Hai Phong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
8 reviews
In Hai Phong
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
#77 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a..."
"Nestled in son gia golf course, the resort is very nice with a big swimming pool, a very well equipped gym room, tennis courts, ... The main restaurant is okay mainly with Asian food (korean and vietnamese). There..."
Hòn Dấu Resort
0 reviews
14.9 miles from Hai Phong
Missing:ResortBoating
Ha My Hotel
Hotel Blue Rose
Smile Hotel
Duc Anh Hotel
Tay Dai Duong Guesthouse
4 reviews
#122 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"My wife and I just used this as a stop-over from Dong Hoi to Cat Ba so we only stayed one night but we were not overly impressed. The bathroom was dirty and the Hotel was very noisy. The beds were also extremely..."
"For the small amount of money you get a normal room, airconditioning and your own shower and toilet. However the beds are the worst you can imagine. Even the floor is softer than the matras. Also dogs are barking..."
Kim Thoa Motel
Ocean Pearl Hotel
IBHJS Hotel & Apartment Hai Phong
Tien Lang Spa Resort
5 reviews
#123 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"We were greeted by staff who didnt seem to know we were coming. We were given an upgrade of our room which made us wonder what room we should have got. The room was musty, but the water was hot. The complimentary..."
"The spa treatment vip version, 2 people in one room. staff was good. communial "mineral" pool was dirty. paid just under 700k VND per person. Have gone elsewhere but minus the mudbath and communial pool but plus..."
Vinhomes Imperia
Thien Nga Vang Hotel
1 review
#101 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Budget pricing, friendly staff and very clean! Just what we needed at the last minute! We stayed here briefly checking in late one night and leaving early the next Morning. But staff were really helpful and the..."
Kim Thoa Hotel
11 reviews
#84 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"There is only one staff member who speaks English and since we only stayed there as a transit to catch an early flight from Hai phong to Danang, it was OK. They sent us up 4 floors (we are elderly) with slippy..."
"It's looks old. Cheap but not worth the price for customers. Away from the sea, no hour clock . Air conditioner is not cold because old . The bed in the room is not clean. I get out after one day. I not return here."
Hai Quan Do Son Hotel
#104 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
Green Hotel
#85 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The first time i stayed here was after a 20 hour long journey from Canada. I was totaly bagged out and needed a place to sleep with peace and quiet. After that i did book a room for my weddings best man to also stay..."
Tuong Vi 2
Blue Sea Hotel
Punt Hotel
19 reviews
#28 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Certainly there will be smarter hotels in the area - but for a basic, clean hotel with all the facilities you need this is a good choice - and certainly so when you consider the price it’s excellent value. We had..."
"We stayed for 1 night at Punt hotel. Our room was in a great condition: very clean, has a TV, AC, and a mini-fridge. Coffee/tea facilities (free) and other snacks (with a cost) were also provided. Staff were..."
Ngọc Hà Hotel 1
PHAM. Hotel & Views
Glory Hotel
Ha Anh Hotel
Nha Nghi Hong Phuc
Hai Au Hotel
2 reviews
#95 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
The Flamboyant - Serviced Apartments
Khanh Phong Apartment
Ba Con Ếch Homestay-Coffee-Lunch
Hotel Pure
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
