Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay 5 Star Resorts
THE BEST 5 Star Resorts in Halong Bay
Halong Bay 5 Star Resorts
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
1 of 474 properties is available and matches your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1 Halong Bay 5 Star Resorts
"Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination."
"This hotel offers a luxurious and comfortable stay with stylish decor, spacious rooms, top-notch amenities, and friendly staff."
Popular destinations for 5 Star Resorts
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Jomtien Beach
Paro
Emirate of Ajman
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Luxury Lodges
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Resort5 Star
FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
5.3 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The experience offered a modern and luxurious environments with top-notch resort services."
"This was so big, luxurious, the staffs here were so nice."
Matches:5 Star
Missing:Resort
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
In Halong Bay
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Missing:5 StarResort
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"For Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh"
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Royal Halong Hotel
0 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
Hello Halong Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Overall this hotel is luxurious and clean and Uyen made its service incredible especially for two young people who were travelling for the first time she even helped us out of hours, representing the hotels name w..."
"Prices was affordable for 5 star international luxury chain, highly recommend!"
Legacy Yen Tu - MGallery
387 reviews
23.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 5 Specialty lodging in Uong Bi
"The suites are amazingly spacious with luxurious comfortable beds and bathroom amenities."
"You feel luxury here in a different way."
Visit hotel website
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
"Despite the hotel overbooking for our 2 bedroom apartment, we were offered a suite with adjoining room as an alternative which was quite acceptable to us as it included club room access. Upon arrival they wanted..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
23.7 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is very modern and well decorated, everything looks spacious and luxury."
"It is not only luxury but also very warm, makes me feel like I am staying at home."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
24.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"It is located very near to the most luxury neighborhood in city with a lot of restaurants near by, definitely highly recommend."
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Matches:Resort
Missing:5 Star
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
ATI Quan Lan Eco Resort
#87 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Sadly we had a terrible experience in a beautiful place. On arrival we were greeted with what felt like resentment from the staff. This followed by being woken at 5.30am by someone peeping through the holes made..."
"If a bamboo hut on a deserted beach on a remote island sounds like Nirvana, then the Quan Lan Eco Resort is the place for you. Getting to Quan Lan Island is an adventure in and of itself. There is a local ferry..."
Catba Water Park Resort
3 reviews
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
13.6 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
17.3 miles from Halong Bay
#51 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
23.0 miles from Halong Bay
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
22.6 miles from Halong Bay
#77 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a..."
"Nestled in son gia golf course, the resort is very nice with a big swimming pool, a very well equipped gym room, tennis courts, ... The main restaurant is okay mainly with Asian food (korean and vietnamese). There..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
26.3 miles from Halong Bay
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Hoa Loi Resort
17.6 miles from Halong Bay
Hòn Dấu Resort
24.5 miles from Halong Bay
Coto Jade Island
48.1 miles from Halong Bay
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Hai Sam Hotel
#56 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
VietHouse Homestay Ha Long
Ha Long Lily Homestay
#17 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
5 Star Resorts information
5 Star Resorts Halong Bay
5 Star Resorts Prices From
$63
5 Star Resorts Reviews
1,228
5 Star Resorts Photos
1,701
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1 of 474
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of
luxury
, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
This hotel offers a luxurious and comfortable stay with stylish decor, spacious rooms, top-notch amenities, and friendly staff.
This hotel offers a
luxurious
and comfortable stay with stylish decor, spacious rooms, top-notch amenities, and friendly staff.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
The experience offered a modern and luxurious environments with top-notch resort services.
The experience offered a modern and
environments with top-notch resort services.
This was so big, luxurious, the staffs here were so nice.
This was so big,
, the staffs here were so nice.
Missing:
For Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh
For Muong Thanh
Quang Ninh
Overall this hotel is luxurious and clean and Uyen made its service incredible especially for two young people who were travelling for the first time she even helped us out of hours, representing the hotels name w...
Overall this hotel is
and clean and Uyen made its service incredible especially for two young people who were travelling for the first time she even helped us out of hours, representing the hotels name w...
Prices was affordable for 5 star international luxury chain, highly recommend!
Prices was affordable for 5 star international
chain, highly recommend!
The suites are amazingly spacious with luxurious comfortable beds and bathroom amenities.
The suites are amazingly spacious with
comfortable beds and bathroom amenities.
You feel luxury here in a different way.
You feel
here in a different way.
This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs.
This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to
needs.
The hotel is very modern and well decorated, everything looks spacious and luxury.
The hotel is very modern and well decorated, everything looks spacious and
.
It is not only luxury but also very warm, makes me feel like I am staying at home.
It is not only
but also very warm, makes me feel like I am staying at home.
It is located very near to the most luxury neighborhood in city with a lot of restaurants near by, definitely highly recommend.
It is located very near to the most
neighborhood in city with a lot of restaurants near by, definitely highly recommend.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
