Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoThings to Do in Can ThoTours in Can Tho
THE 10 BEST Can Tho Tours & Excursions
Can Tho Tours
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Show more
Product Categories
Bus Tours
Ports of Call Tours
Multi-day Tours
Sightseeing Tours
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
See All Tour Operators
185 places sorted by featured
1. Cai Rang Floating Market & Mekong Delta 2-Day Tour from HCM City
587
2 days
Escape the city and see a different side of southern Vietnam during a 2-day trip to the Mekong Delta from Ho Chi Minh City…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$115
per adult
Reserve
2. Full-Day in Mekong Delta Floating Market and Local Private Tour
22
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
Can Tho in the Mekong Delta is famous for its floating market and canals. On this convenient day trip from Ho Chi Minh City…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$149
3. Mekong Delta and Cai Rang Floating Market 5-Hours Tour
89
5 hours
Pick-up around 5:00 AM - Start at Xom Chai ferry - Visit the Cai Rang floating market - enjoy breakfast on floating market…
$32
4. 2-Day Mekong Delta Luxury Group Tour from Ho Chi Minh City
193
Luxury Car Tours
Exploring the Mekong Delta for a day from Ho Chi Minh City may mean missing some aspects of this rural river region. This…
$129
5. Largest Authentic Floating Market Experience & Organic Chocolate
117
Adventure Tours
5–6 hours
Embark on a sampan and witness the vibrant trading activities of Cairang Floating Market, the largest floating market in…
$42
6. Mekong Delta 'Cai Rang' Floating Market 2-Day Tour
30
Eco Tours
One of the most exciting highlights of the Joy Journeys Mekong Delta tour is the visit to Cai Rang Floating Market, the …
$155
7. Full-day Cai Rang floating market - explore countryside, make bakery - from HCM
- 3:00AM pick up from Ho Chi Minh City, - 5:30 AM Arrived Can Tho city - Visit the Cai Rang floating market - enjoy breakfast…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$119
8. Mekong Delta Explore Cai Rang and Phong Dien Floating Market
116
- Visit the two floating markets in Can Tho - the first explore Cai Rang floating market (the biggest in Viet Nam) - enjoy…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$45
9. The hidden Fabulous Floating Market and small canal (Non-tourist small canal)
104
3–4 hours
A floating market tour is a must for any Mekong Delta visitor but negotiating with boat captains can be a real hassle. Skip…
$33
10. Rural Can Tho Biking Trail
6
Bike Tours
4 hours
Our biking trail experience offers travellers the freedom to see what they choose instead of what the guide chooses. The…
$17
11. Full Day Can Tho Private Tour Cai Rang Float Market and Con Son
Embark on a captivating journey through the Mekong Delta in Vietnam. Cruise to the lively Cai Rang floating market, witness…
$58
12. Cai Rang Floating Market & Mekong Delta Private Tour from HCM city
96
Cai Rang is the biggest floating market of the Mekong delta where people can buy fruits and vegetables from local production…
$179
13. Mekong Delta & Cai Rang Floating Market 2-Day Tour from HCM City
678
Waterfront landscapes and farming villages make the Mekong Delta a Ho Chi Minh City must. Enjoy a wealth of activities that…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
14. Small-group 2-Day Mekong Delta: Floating market, Cooking Class...
154
Stand Up Paddleboarding
Enjoy a 2-day trip to one of the world's most brilliant cultures with friendly and hospitable people, amazing scenery, tasty…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$170
15. Boat tour on Mekong river see the sunset, small canal, Vegan dinner, street food
7
+ The guide meet you at Winter Spring hotel 16:15 + The boat tour starting from Ninh Kieu ferry around 16:30 - Sightseeing…
$29
16. Half Day Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Reserve Tour in Can Tho
5
4–5 hours
You can explore the wonderful Wildlife, Watch diverse bird species in Lung Ngoc Hoang reserve, the “Green” lung of the Mekong…
$89
17. 2-Day Mekong Delta with Cai Cang Floating Market from HCM City
19
Mekong Delta also possesses many hidden charms, almost unspoiled by humans and pristinely preserved by the Nature Mother…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$245
18. FULL Day - CAI RANG FLOATING MARKET, COOKING CLASS AND EXPLORE THE COUNTRYSIDE
2
Lunch Cruises
- Pick-up at HCM at 3:00 a.m - Visit the Cai Rang floating market. You will enjoy breakfast in the Mekong. - You will …
19. Lung Ngoc Hoang Nature Reservation
Our guide will pick you up from the hotel and drive for an hour before we reach our destination at Lung Ngoc Hoang nature…
$65
20. Cai Rang floating market, see sunrise, CaCao orchard, small canal
29
- Sightseeing the sunrise on Mekong river near Can Tho bridge - Go through small canals, see brickyard on Au islet middle…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
21. 1-Day Cai Rang Floating Market-Vinh Long-Cai Be-Group of 10 Max
17
12–13 hours
Cai Rang, a Floating Market in Can Tho province, is one of the three biggest floating markets in the Mekong Delta. Tourists…
$205
22. Exploring Cai Rang floating market, Cacao farm and the hidden small canal
70
Departure: 5:30am Duration: 7hours Attraction highlights The biggest floating market (Cai Rang) • Traditional noodle …
$54
23. A unique tour of the floating market includes a cacao plantation.
84
Audio Guides
6–7 hours
The special thing about this tour is that you will enjoy the features of the Mekong in the way of locals, more especially…
$48
24. Bicycle Tour Through Peaceful Villages
10
We pedal through serene villages rarely touched by tourists. Experience the genuine warmth of the locals as you join in …
$50
25. Can Tho food tour by motorbike designed by local chef
4
3 hours
Discover the true essence of Can Tho on our unique Can Tho Local Food Tour by Motorbike! As you ride with locals, you'll…
$43
26. Classic Mekong Delta & Cai Rang Floating Market Enjoy 1 Day from Ho Chi Minh
Pick-up around 3:00 AM form Ho Chi Minh - Starting tour at Xom Chai ferry (5:30 a.m) - sightseeing sunrise on Mekong River…
$105
27. Cai Rang Floating Market One Day Private Tour from Ho Chi Minh City
Touring a floating market in the Mekong Delta is a box that many travellers to Saigon wish to check, and none are bigger…
$145
28. Mekong day tour Visit Cai Rang Floating Market pick up in Sai Gon
34
Hightlighted attractions: • Visiting The biggest loating market (Cai Rang) where is wholesale market. • Watching the sun…
$120
29. Nature Reservation and Largest Floating Market Experieces
55
9–10 hours
$100
30. 5 days Southern Vietnam tour
Historical Tours
3+ days
Drift along the narrow channels of the Mekong Delta, indulge in delicious tropical fruit from a floating market, marvel …
$569
1
…
Showing results 1-30 of 185
What travelers are saying
twiglit99
1 contribution
0
Amazing tour
Alex was our guide for this tour and he was brilliant , very informative and showed us the traditional Vietnamese culture, he was very friendly and funny, there was lots to see and we could join in certain activities, plenty to eat an all round amazing trip from beginning to end would definitely recommend this tour
Read more
Review of: Cai Rang Floating Market & Mekong Delta 2-Day Tour from HCM City
Written March 4, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Go42060067145
Very nice memories
We have a very good moment with our tourist guide and the driver they are so kind we khow a lot about Vietnam also the nice place we will not forget this time in Vietnam
Review of: Full-Day in Mekong Delta Floating Market and Local Private Tour
Written February 24, 2024
João Sarmento Amaral
Toulouse, France2 contributions
Unforgettable Mekong Delta experience with Phong!
I just had the most amazing experience on the Mekong Delta floating markets morning tour from Can Tho! Our guide, Phong, was absolutely fantastic. His English was perfect, and his enthusiasm made the whole trip so much fun.

The markets themselves were fascinating, and Phong explained everything in a clear and engaging way. We even got to try some incredible local food! I learned so much and had a blast doing it.
If you're thinking about taking this tour, you absolutely have to request Phong as your guide! He's the best!
Review of: Mekong Delta and Cai Rang Floating Market 5-Hours Tour
Written March 5, 2024
Ayaz S
Good and Happy
Mecong Delta Ho chi Minh tour is very nice tours, we are enjoy all locations and tour guid2 Mr. Kelvin is good person, we are happy with this tour,
Review of: 2-Day Mekong Delta Luxury Group Tour from Ho Chi Minh City
Written February 27, 2024
Enrica A
3 contributions
Beautiful morning spent experiencing local life
What make the tourist a traveller is experiencing the places you visit. The best way to do that is with a competent guide like Jannie: she made our visit perfect.
Review of: Largest Authentic Floating Market Experience & Organic Chocolate
CS
London, UK2 contributions
Great trip, highly recommend
Amazing 2 day tour, highly recommend it as an insight into life on the Mekong Delta. Our guide, Tri, was brilliant at looking after us and an excellent knowledge. We loved the Eco Village, comfortable and friendly. Highlights for us were the floating market, boat journeys and cycle ride round the village.
Review of: Mekong Delta 'Cai Rang' Floating Market 2-Day Tour
Written January 30, 2024
Maciej S
Trip of life
Our trip to the floating market in the Mekong Delta and the fish farm was absolutely wonderful! We took plenty of exceptional photos, tried delicious local dishes, and the highlight was definitely the fish nibbling at our feet, bringing tears of laughter. Triều Phong was an excellent guide, happily answering all our questions about Vietnam. Highly recommended!
Review of: Full-day Cai Rang floating market - explore countryside, make bakery - from HCM
Written February 20, 2024
B. Becker
Frechen, Germany138 contributions
Great experience
I had a great time experiencing the Mekong Delta with our guide Nga. It was a very small group, just me and two other people. Nga was very caring, got us coffee and breakfast in the morning. We visited a floating market, that was not touristy at all, were were almost the only foreigners. After enjoying Pho on the market we visited a Dragonfruit Farm and learned about the production of rice noodles. After that we visited a local family living on a house boat. Overall a super special experience, would recommend to do if you stay in Can Tho or Ho Chi Minh
Review of: Mekong Delta Explore Cai Rang and Phong Dien Floating Market
Written February 29, 2024
Amy P
Christchurch, UK16 contributions
Perfect!
We had an amazing time on this sunrise tour! Thu, our guide, was just wonderful - so friendly & happy and was just full of fun information! The boat ride was so cool and we enjoyed visiting the floating market community - everyone was so friendly. If we could give more than 5* than we certainly would! Thank you so much Thu :-)
Review of: The hidden Fabulous Floating Market and small canal (Non-tourist small canal)
Written March 3, 2024
Liza G
Nice trip
It was a very nice trip. My guide was friendly and the nature was beautiful. We had good stops and the fruits were very delicious . We had lot of fun together. I can recommend it.
Review of: Rural Can Tho Biking Trail
Written February 23, 2024
Megan I
Amazing
The trip was amazing! Our tour guide, Bao, was super knowledgable, funny, friendly and helpful. We did lots of activities, ate lots of delicious food and learnt about the Mekong delta. We learnt so much. Thank you so much Bao :)
Review of: Cai Rang Floating Market & Mekong Delta Private Tour from HCM city
Louis Brochard
Paris, France5 contributions
Great !
Driver Saang. And LAN UNICORN were really great and careful ! Thanks a lot, I truly recommand for everybody whatever the nationality
Review of: Mekong Delta & Cai Rang Floating Market 2-Day Tour from HCM City
Written February 26, 2024
Karina K
Hanoi, Vietnam4 contributions
Greatest tour! Recommended it to all
A great private tour with our guide Stark! He toke good time on all activities so the kids (2, 5, and 8 years old) did not get stressed. We where just in the moment all the time. Stark has a great knowledge and like to share it. We got so much information on the Mekong Delta and the general of Vietnam and the Vietnamese culture. Stark was such a great guide, that we booked him for another trip in Ho Chi Minh City area.
The trip had some fine activities along the river side, specially did the kids love the part with the coconut candy and local music. So nice to see the floating market and the locals trade with each other.
The Homestay was a really nice homestay with the sweetest owner, we would have loved to stay at it more nights. The dinner at the Homestay was so good!
Will recommend the trip to all that would go see the Mekong Delta.
Review of: Small-group 2-Day Mekong Delta: Floating market, Cooking Class...
Steve J
Berlin, Germany18 contributions
Sunset on the Mekong and Can Tho Food Tour
Our guide was a local woman, An Tran, and she was wonderful. We had trouble locating the meeting point and were 10 minutes late. We called An and she was able to explain in fluent English where to find her, and she graciously waited for us. The trip on the small canals in late afternoon was serene and our boat pilot (another middle-aged woman) was patient and skillful. After docking, An took us to Ong Temple and explained the religious carvings and historical significance of the temple. Then she steered us toward street food vendors who were selling items we would never have tried but for An. Can Tho was very crowded on this last day of Tet but An knew where her vendors would be. We had a crepe filled with sticky rice, red bean paste, mung bean paste and coconut milk; a Vietnamese coconut candy; a rice pancake taco kinda thing filled with pork, egg, and herbs. Then we sat for a refreshing drink of coconut water with lime. Walking through town, we stopped by a woman making crepes made of rice flour and coconut milk, cooked in a sizzling hot wok and filled with sweetened shredded coconut. An explained that making this dish is becoming a lost art. Our last stop was for Banh Mi, a baguette sandwich with the filling of your choice. Altogether an unforgettable experience, thanks to An. Highly recommend!
Review of: Boat tour on Mekong river see the sunset, small canal, Vegan dinner, street food
Written February 17, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Can Tho
Which experiences are best for tours in Can Tho?
What are the best places for tours in Can Tho?
Which places provide the best tours in Can Tho for kids and families?
Which places provide the best tours in Can Tho for couples?
Which places provide the best tours in Can Tho for groups?
Which places provide the best tours in Can Tho for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic tours in Can Tho?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for tours in Can Tho?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Things to Do in Can Tho
Tours in Can Tho
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Toulouse, France
2 contributions
London, UK
Frechen, Germany
138 contributions
Christchurch, UK
16 contributions
Paris, France
5 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
4 contributions
Berlin, Germany
18 contributions
