Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Quang Ninh Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceQuang Ninh Province Hotels
THE 10 BEST Hotels in Quang Ninh Province 2024
Quang Ninh Province Hotels and Places to Stay
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Hostels
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Halong Bay
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Wyndham
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Popular hotels in Quang Ninh Province right now
Travelers' Choice
Kid-friendly
4-star stay
Traveler rating: Excellent
1,145 properties in Quang Ninh Province
Sort by:
Best Value
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
Resort
1,228 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Luxurious private island hotel with stunning Ha Long Bay views, exceptional infinity pool, and diverse cuisine. Offers family-friendly kids club, spa, and unique speed boat transportation.
Top Rated
2. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
202 reviews
#2 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Amazing staff, excellent service, spacious clean rooms with great Halong Bay views, tranquil escape, mesmerizing rooftop pool, and panoramic top floor setting.
3. Paradise Suites Hotel
947 reviews
#3 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Modern and comfortable suites, friendly attentive staff, delicious food, impressive pool area, and private beach. Near Tuan Chau Marina for Halong Bay cruises, electric car service, and bike rentals.
4. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
#4 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Modern hotel boasting comfortable, clean rooms with stunning ocean views. Excellent customer service, indoor pool, gym, and diverse dining options available. Peaceful location ideal for relaxation.
Visit hotel website
5. Legacy Yen Tu - MGallery
Specialty Hotel
384 reviews
#5 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Hidden gem with enchanting ambiance, stunning architecture, and superb food. Friendly staff, serene pool and spa areas. Perfect for photography and weekend getaways.
6. Citadines Marina Halong
126 reviews
#6 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Elegant hotel with stunning views and spacious balconies. Well-equipped rooms, delicious breakfast buffet, attentive staff, quality restaurants, gym, and rooftop bar.
7. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
#7 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Newly opened hotel in Ha Long with comforting spa, trustworthy staff, and luxurious facilities. Features huge swimming pool, jacuzzi, and breathtaking views.
8. Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#8 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Ocean view hotel boasting clean & well-furnished rooms, stunning sea views, good location, enjoyable poolside area, and diverse breakfast buffet.
9. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#9 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Luxurious resort in Ha Long Bay with spacious villas, top-notch spa services, pools, and dining. Ideal for families and groups seeking relaxation.
10. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
#10 Best Value of 1,145 places to stay in Quang Ninh Province
Luxurious hotel in Ha Long Bay with spacious rooms, beautiful bay views, and exceptional service. Features Bamboo Restaurant, Sky Bar, and accommodating dietary needs.
See all
Quang Ninh Province Hotels Information
Hotels in Quang Ninh Province
1,108
Hotels Prices From
$10
Hotels Reviews
11,256
Hotels Photos
18,199
Not sure when to visit?
Price trends, weather and things to do can help you make a decision.
Season
Avg. price/night
Avg. temperature
Avg. precipitation
Dec - Feb
-
62º
F
COLDEST
14
in
DRIEST
Mar - May
75º
43ºF
98ºF
38
10 in
121 in
Jun - Aug
85º
WARMEST
101
WETTEST
Sep - Nov
77º
50
Price trend information excludes taxes and fees and is based on base rates for a nightly stay for 2 adults found in the last 7 days on our site and averaged for commonly viewed hotels in Quang Ninh Province. Select dates and complete search for nightly totals inclusive of taxes and fees.
Hotels near the sights
Bai Tu Long Bay
Bai Tu Long Bay is the name of an area located in the east of Halong Bay Vietnam. Although it shares many similar geological characters with Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay is considered as off the beaten tourist track with many deserted and pristine beaches, no less impressive karst mountains. The Bay has a rich biodiversity with two ecosystems: a tropical, moist, evergreen rainforest ecosystem; and a marine and coastal ecosystem. The area has scarcely seen any tourist development. A large number of guests, through online research, wish to visit the Bai Tu Long Bay because it is much less crowded than Halong Bay. The only disadvantage is that it does not have many grottos. The nearest place for a visit (Vung Vieng Fishing village) is at around 20 km from tourist port.
Read more
Sung Sot Cave
Situated in the centre of the UNESCO-declared World Heritage area, the Sung Sôt or Surprise Grotto is on Bo Hòn Island, and is one of the finest and widest grottoes of Ha Long Bay.Ascending to the grotto, the way is covered by trees and foliage, and consists of great paved stone blocks.Inside, it is partitioned into two chambers; the first one being similar to a wide theatre hall. Many stalactites hang from the high ceiling, with numerous possible forms and shapes.
Yen Tu Mountain
Yen Tu Mountain is in Uong Bi city of Quang Ninh province, in the Northeast Vietnam. The area locates between Hanoi and Halong Bay, just a short drive of 50 km from Halong Bay and 110 km from Hanoi. Yen Tu Mountain is fresh and tranquil with forests, mountains, pagodas, towers and the Zen atmosphere.
Dau Go Cave
Dong Thien Cung
Co To Island
Undertstand Co To island is an archipelago located in the Gulf of Tonkin, including a large Co To Island, a small Co islands, the island of Thanh Lam, Tran and countless islands and small island. Besides swimming, visitors travel there to visit natural forests, lighthouses, parks and memorial statues of Ho Chi Minh, wharf, fishing village, the bay, natural rocky Get in Most people come to Co To without a tour. Boat is the only way to get in Co To. The boat starts from Cai Rong town (Van Don - Quang Ninh).Boat will run through the Bai Tu Long Bay, to pass to Quan Lan Island and come to Co To island, each trip takes between 3 to 3.5 h depending on the weather. NOTE: The provincial Police Department, on July 15, 2016, announced that the Co To island district is a local tourism site in accordance with Decision No. 1288/QD-UBND made by the provincial People’s Committee. As such, no permit is required of foreigners to visit the island of Co To. In the past, foreigners were req
Cua Van Floating Village
Castaway Island
Ti Top Island
Frequently Asked Questions about Quang Ninh Province hotels
What are the best hotels near Halong Bay?
What are the best resorts in Quang Ninh Province?
What are the best hotels near Doris Cruise?
What are the best luxury hotels in Quang Ninh Province?
Which hotels are closest to Noibai Airport?
What are the best hotels near Halong Bay Cruises?
What are the best pet-friendly hotels in Quang Ninh Province?
What are the best cheap hotels in Quang Ninh Province?
What are the best hotels with a spa in Quang Ninh Province?
Which hotels in Quang Ninh Province are good for families?
What are the best hotels on the beach in Quang Ninh Province?
The above hotel descriptions were created by AI, using information and phrases commonly found in reviews users submitted to Tripadvisor. Tripadvisor did not create and is not responsible for any of the above hotel descriptions. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information. If you believe something in one of these AI-generated descriptions is inaccurate, please share your feedback.
Reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province Hotels
and Places to Stay
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1,145 properties
share your feedback
Reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our
transparency report
to learn more.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
