Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Copyright Complaint Policy

Infringement Notification:
If you believe in good faith that materials hosted by us infringe your copyright, please provide the written information requested below. The procedure outlined below is exclusively for notifying TAMG Venture Co. that your copyrighted material has been infringed.
Please provide the following information in the following format (including Section Numbers):
A clear identification of the copyrighted work you claim was infringed.
A clear identification of the material you claim is infringing the copyrighted work, and information that will allow us to locate that material on the Website, such as a link to the infringing material.
Your contact information so that we can reply to your complaint, preferably including an email address and telephone number.
Include the following statement: "I have a good faith belief that the material that is claimed as copyright infringement is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law."
Include the following statement: "I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate and I am the copyright owner, or am authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed."
The notice must be signed by the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
Notices of claims of copyright infringement on this website should be emailed or mailed to:
TAMG Venture Co., Attn: Legal Department, 400 1st Avenue, Needham, MA 02494
ta-copyright@Tripadvisor.com
Phone Number: 781-800-8658
We suggest that you consult your legal advisor before filing a notice or counter-notice. Also, please note that you may be liable for damages (including costs and attorneys fees) if you make a false claim of copyright infringement.
We will review and address all notices that comply with the requirements above.
By submitting a notice of claim of copyright infringement to TAMG Venture Co.: (a) you acknowledge and agree we may provide a copy of the notice, including the name, email address, and other contact information of the reporting party, to the uploading party; and (b) you consent to us providing a copy of the content at issue in our correspondence to the uploading party.
REPEAT INFRINGER POLICY
In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA") and other applicable law, TAMG Venture Co. has adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at TAMG Venture Co.'s sole discretion, subscribers or account holders who are deemed to be repeat infringers. TAMG Venture Co. may also at its sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
