Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with EV Charging
THE 10 BEST Hotels with EV Charging in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Electric vehicle charging station
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Electric vehicle charging station
Samdi Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
613 reviews
In Da Nang
#96 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"A very nice hotel, responsive staff, especially a girl at the counter named Thu Huyen, very pleasant, responsive, very professionally performing her duties.It helps to solve any question or problem that arises..."
2023
FIVITEL King Hotel
962 reviews
1.8 miles from Da Nang
#6 of 71 hotels in My An
"I enjoyed my stay here. Lucy and everyone was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and the bed was very comfortable. The breakfast had many options, nice steamed vegetables salad, chicken and beef..."
TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#93 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet..."
Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#92 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The spa treatment was so good! Undeniably they are well trained. I chose 30 minutes of head & neck massage and another 30 minutes of full body scrub. Love the smell of coffee and coconut scrub! It was so relaxing..."
Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
#100 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We spent last weekend at Fusion Suite Danang Beach. The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach. Our room with amazing sea view. Room is very spacious clean. The service was very good..."
All Inclusive
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#97 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing Hotel. Really nice Pool an beach bar! The stuff was really friendly and helpful. The breakfast buffet was a dream an so much to choose there. The room had a great ocean view and was very spacious. I..."
Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
#113 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are separate..."
Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
1,315 reviews
#115 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The resort is large and beautiful with a beach and facilities like swimming pool and pool table. The room we stayed at was spacious. We would like to give a mention to Tam as she was very helpful with our queries..."
"We spent 4 nights at the hotel. Wonderful view to the sea from an excellent room, the bed was very comfortable, the bathroom was large and clean. Great choice for breakfast, tastes of all continent. The area of the..."
Best Seller
Da Nang Mikazuki Japanese Resorts & Spa
261 reviews
5.5 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 11 hotels in Lien Chieu
"My family came back to mikazuki again, this time make me very impressed with the outdoor water park and the service as well. We got early check in, our room very clean. We received luggage from Trung, he is a good..."
Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
237 reviews
#95 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Son was very helpful and kind. Breakfast was good so many food choices. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Da Nang. Beautiful hotel and close to everything you need especially food. The swimming very..."
Visit hotel website
Grand Tourane Hotel
811 reviews
#48 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Enjoying our stay very much. Sad we only have 3 days left. The hotel is beautiful. Clean and very modern The pool spectacular. Best stay in Vietnam, been visiting for many years and will definitely be back. Big..."
The Fish Village Villa
13 reviews
3.6 miles from Da Nang
#26 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the..."
"Outside the busy and noisy city, though easily reachable by taxi, the brand new hotel is the best you can expect from a family run hotel. Extremely clean & well furnished, it's ideal for those looking to relax..."
Paracel Danang Hotel
26 reviews
#244 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We were touring around vietnam. After our time in Hanoi and Halong bay we flew down to Danang. We phoned the hotel before arrival to hotel about availability. After we landed we drove directly to hotel. Which was..."
"We stayed there hotel for a night. The hotel is located in an Excellent Location. in-room Balcony for the beach view. The staff were friendly and helpful. Fine breakfast with many varieties. Wifi is not so fast."
Bay Sydney Hotel
27 reviews
#317 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I booked the hotel 3 months before my trip. 24 hrs before my arrival, I received an email from the hotel saying that because they change the owner, they can't honor my reservation. They offer me another room with..."
"We stayed here for almost 2 weeks. Had no major problems at all. Rooms were really spacious. Bathrooms were really clean and well prepared. Staff was friendly. Since we traveled as family, we had 3 rooms and cant..."
Matches:Electric vehicle charging station
Missing:Hotels & Motels
OYO 491 Truong Sa Hotel
0 reviews
Anh Phuong Hotel & Apartment
Brothers Homestay
Thanh Lan Guest House
Sala Apartment
Photograph Hostel
Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
668 reviews
#2 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Golden lotus grand very good and modest. Restaurants very clean and breakfast delicious have a lot of options for me. Swimming pool very nice and good view. Staff in reception very kind and friendly Mina Khan Tien..."
Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
462 reviews
#61 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This is my first time I’m came Da Nang . The breakfast very delicious and many choose . The room also very clean . The hotel has pool on the rop top very beautiful . Minimart on the 1st floor open 24/24. The staff..."
Top Rated
Muong Thanh Luxury Da Nang Hotel
2,004 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 71 hotels in My An
"thía is the first time i visit to Da Nang city, the hotel i chose for this holiday is Muong Thanh Luxury, the hotel beach, you can walk along the beach every morning. our room have nice view. that room quite large..."
"We came here in the tet holiday. It was amazing vibe!!! We received lucky money from receptionist when checking in, we love it! Everything is very good. We had nice experience here. They are well trained staffs with..."
Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,811 reviews
#85 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. Ms. Ly helped us during my stay. They welcomed me with a small cake to celebrate me..."
Wink Hotel Danang Centre
527 reviews
1.1 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Hai Chau
"Ive stayed here, maybe 5 times (or maybe 6 🤔)... anyway, my point is I'll come again & again and again when ever I have the opportunity. ALI TRANG & her team are amazing, Ive not always been happy (sorry) but..."
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
3,048 reviews
#6 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Great staff. Great location. Walking distance to all the good food. Right across the street from the beach. Elsa was awesome upon check in. The room was great as well. Very spacious and nice bathroom. I would stay..."
Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
1,379 reviews
#4 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"There's nothing we can fault during our stay at Cozy. A special thanks to Vu for offering great tips during our stay. The entire staff were amazing and the room, well.......Cozy! So good and the bed was huge..."
"Accomodations are great and cozy. Suitable for family and friends to come visit again. Breakfast buffet are nice and the staffs are very friendly and helpful. Locations are also close to the Dragon Bridge as well..."
New Orient Hotel
1,271 reviews
#17 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The location was amazing! Over all hygiene nothing to say! They have an amazing spa, roof top bar and a pool! All the staff were so friendly and kind, made us feel like we are at home! A hotel we define fly want to..."
Wink Hotel Danang Riverside
299 reviews
1.4 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 4 hotels in An Hai
"Thank you Shane (the General Manager) and all the caring staff at Wink Riverside for making my stay and birthday so special. It's a fantastic hotel in a beautiful part of DaNang. Super clean, modern and with an..."
Nesta Hotel - Da Nang
523 reviews
#5 of 71 hotels in My An
"We stayed at this hotel last year and decided to rebook again. Love this place. Great location right across from the beach, beautiful oasis of a garden and pool at the back of the hotel. Breakfast buffet is..."
Hotels with EV Charging nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Hotels with EV Charging
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Mysore District
Idukki District
Belgaum
Kangra District
Sakata
Eastern Province
Hamilton Island
Southern District
Mersin
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with ev charging
What are the best hotels with ev charging near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with ev charging are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with ev charging in Da Nang?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
