6 European-inspired towns to visit in the US
A taste of Denmark in California? A Grecian adventure in Florida? Sign us up.
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayIslands in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Islands
Islands in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Types of Attractions
Nature & Parks
Caverns & Caves
Islands
Beaches
Bodies of Water
Show more
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
4 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Castaway Island
556
Open now
By gabzam1
Castaway island was the highlight of my trip to vietnam, couldn't recommend it more. Staff, location, activities and...
See tours
2023
2. Ti Top Island
1,136
By fengim
Our cruise trip visited This attraction TI TOP ISLAND is a must visit, where we could have great time for sunbathing,...
3. Hon Ga Choi Island
248
By MizuhoK
It’s one of the spots in Ha Long bay.
4. Soi Sim Island
37
By chiallasiatravel
the beach is very quiet, we enjoy swimming there. Water is clear and the beach is nice to kayak surround.
What travelers are saying
Emma
1 contribution
2
Great 3 days
3 of us all went on the 3 day 2 night tour. We all had a great time and met so many friends that we ended up catching up with multiple times after the tour. Would highly recommend this tour if your solo and wanting to make friends quick and easily. No wifi for 3 days meant everyone was always talking and socializing. The food is pretty average but the drinks are dirt cheap. Expect to have sand though everything by the end off the tour. Unfortunately the showers were also cold. The staff were great however were not as involved as you would expect. Overall had an amazing 3 days and would 100% recommend to those who love to party.
Read more
Review of: Castaway Island
Written February 26, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
MizuhoK
Hino, Japan3,282 contributions
0
Sad to see many PET bottle garbage
The island is named after Russian cosmonaut. This was the first stop during the tour. We were asked to choose either, hiking or swimming. We chose hiking. It was quite a tough one! It was really a hot and humid day. The stairs are quite steep and narrow. There were lots of tourists, you needed to walk carefully for up and down , not to slip or hit.
The view from top was beautiful. You get sweaty!
We saw people swimming at beach. Looked fun in such a hot day at less wave beach.
It was very sad to see tons of PET bottle garbage were not only in trash bins but also everywhere in the island. Maybe tourists brought drinks here and threw them away when finished. When we entered the cruise ship, we were asked not to bring in PET bottles. Only glass bottles were sold in the cruise ship. So there should have be no PET bottles in the island but there were.
We must behave to preserve the great nature.
Review of: Ti Top Island
Written September 2, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
1
Halong Bay symbol
These are two rocks emerging from the sea, however with an interesting form of two chicken fighting or kissing.
As our tour guide explained, they became a symbol o Halong Bay with many souvenirs with them.
Review of: Hon Ga Choi Island
Written February 11, 2024
chiallasiatravel
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam211 contributions
Nice place for swim!
Review of: Soi Sim Island
Written August 9, 2017
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for islands in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best islands in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best islands in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best islands in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
gabzam1
2.
fengim
Our
cruise
trip visited This attraction TI TOP ISLAND is a must visit, where we could have great time for sunbathing,...
3.
It’s one of the spots in Ha Long
bay
.
4.
Hino, Japan
3,282 contributions
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
211 contributions
Cookies Button
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 331 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.Privacy and Cookies Statement
We and our partners process data to provide:
Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)
I Accept
Show Purposes
331
