Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
23 of 813 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
2023
1. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
152 reviews
#1 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
2. Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Visit hotel website
3. Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#3 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
4. Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
#4 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The..."
"Incredible service by the host, clean and spacious room with hot water. Motorbike rental was cheap too. Booked the cruise tour here and it's very enjoyable. Location was great and convenient, and I will definitely..."
5. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
#5 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from..."
"I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with..."
6. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
#6 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
7. Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#7 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
8. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#8 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
9. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
#9 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
10. Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#10 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
11. Venus Hostel
15 reviews
#11 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of..."
"We stayed for 2 nights at Venus. Jack was very helpful and friendly like other reviewers have said. He helped us book a 1 day tour of ha long bay + lan ha bay which I would recommend (the company he uses was the..."
12. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
#12 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
13. The Shine Hotel
1 review
#13 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
14. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
#14 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and the..."
"I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel. The personalized service from the staff, especially their quick response to my request for a workspace, stood out. The spacious and comfortable room..."
15. Catba Dung Lien Hotel
#15 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great."
"The hotel was open a week ago Such a great place. The managers are awesome. Right aftet we booked a room he called us to ask about special requests. The rooms are big and new and the hotel is located very close to..."
16. Huyen Vu Hotel
#16 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom..."
"The staff is very nice, the room is clean with good WiFi, hot water and AC. Breakfast could be better (but it's already better than other hotels around). Need to double check the location, because the address is..."
17. Roygent Parks Hai Phong
2 reviews
#17 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
18. Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
#18 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here..."
19. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
#19 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
20. Khach San Nhat Anh 2
0 reviews
#20 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
21. K-Zone The Star Hotel
#21 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
22. Cát Bà Story Homestay
#22 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
23. Hoàng Gia Minh Hotel Cát Bà Hải Phòng
#23 Best Value of 23 Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsSoundproof Rooms
Best Seller
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
23.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
"The best in Vietnam! Amazing service 10/10. Look no further! This is the best place I stayed in Vietnam, everything is perfect. The facilities, the comfort and of course the amazing staff. Especially, Mr DUC FO was..."
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
Nin Boutique Hotel
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)"
"everything is great, the room is clean, neat, the staff is enthusiastic and very handsome, the room price is cheap and reasonable including breakfast. There is also a very convenient and reasonable tour to visit the..."
Purple Lotus Hotel
62 reviews
24.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 18 hotels in Hai Duong
"I have stayed in some hotel in Haiduong and found this one was the best . Room cozy, clean and service is good.Staff friendly and professional.The girl from sales apartment was very thoughtful and kind with me when..."
"Good service and quick responsibility. You can request car from hotel to pick up at airport. Breakfast is good - variety of foods Room : clean and big room Staff : high service and 24 hours Location : have..."
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
26.3 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel."
"Property was more or less what I expected, a new and nice but not luxurious property- more like a good four star than five star category. Front desk staff was helpful and professional and gave us some small upgrade..."
Mandala Hotel & Suites Bac Giang
42.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 14 hotels in Bac Giang
"The hotel was really near to all the places I planned to go in Bac Giang. I was totally amazed with how big and modern the hotel was when I first saw it. The neccessities inside was extremely beautiful as well, you..."
"Stayed overnight for a short trip with my friends. Brand new, clean and nice hotel. Rooms were well furnished. Amazing view to chilling. Shout out to of friendly and professional staffs. Highly recommended. Really..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Hai Phong
23
Hotels Prices From
$10
Hotels Reviews
1,089
Hotels Photos
1,883
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
23 of 813
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
