Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayStand-Up Paddleboarding in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Stand-Up Paddleboarding
Stand-Up Paddleboarding in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Stand-Up Paddleboarding
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Authentic Hanoi Travel
Sung Sot Cave
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
65 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. 3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
138
Bus Tours
3 days
Explore Ninh Binh's famous Trang An Cave, and ancient Bai Dinh Temple, Mua Cave, experiencing local culture during a 1-night…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 99% of travelers
from
$50
per adult
Reserve
2. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
2 days
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
$126
3. Halong Bay Full Day Tour - 6 Hours on Deluxe Cruise: Kayaking, Swimming, Hiking
68
Stand Up Paddleboarding
6+ hours
✔️ Experience Cruising 6hours on a Deluxe Boat - Small Group- Max 38Pax ✔️ Experience Most Interesting activities: Kayaking…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$60
4. Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
28
Lunch Cruises
6–12 hours
Our Halong day cruise covers all important activities include kayking, visit most famous places and lunch, ideal option …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$39
5. BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
6
4WD Tours
Enjoy an intimate cruise through the picturesque Ha Long Bay on boutique boats and modern cruise cruises appeals to culture…
$135
6. Rosy Cruise 3 Days Explore Halong Bay Lan Ha Bay Private Balcony
Beyond the reach of any crowd, Rosy Cruise 3 days 2 nights escorts vacationers to the pristine and enchanting attractions…
$360
7. Halong Authentic Cruise with Luxury Cabins; 2 Days All Inclusive
1. You have 2 way transfers by a good air-conditioned vehicle (pickup & drop off at hotel in Hanoi Old Quarter) and stay…
$169
8. Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking,Swimming,Highway Transfer
1
11–12 hours
Even if you only have one free day on your trip to Hanoi, you can still see the UNESCO-protected Ha Long Bay with this tour…
$47
9. Alova Premium Cruise Halong Deluxe Day Tour with Transfer & Meal
4
Halong Bay is one of the must-see attractions in Vietnam, even for travelers on a time budget. This full-day tour of the…
$65
10. Ha Long Bay Day Cruise -Surprising Cave -Titop Island -Kayaking -Limousine Bus
15
✔️ Cruising 6hours on Deluxe Cruise - Small Group - Max 38Pax ✔️ Transfer by Limousine Bus - Max 17Pax Via New Express Highway…
$59
LIKELY TO SELL OUT*
11. Elite of The Seas - Unique Luxury 3 Days Cruise in Halong & Lan Ha Bay
19
Jet Boat Rentals
Elite of the Seas is designed based on the idea of contemporary, luxurious, quintessential style. The cruise has thirty-…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$799
12. All Inclusive Day Cruise Tour at Halong Bay
8
day cruising around Halong Bay. Visit Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island, Sung Sot Cave, and Luon Cave. Do Kayaking or Bambo…
$54
13. What a great combination, day cruise and night kayak with glowing biolumenescent
This trip combines everything you can do on the bay within a day. Enjoy the stunning karst archipelago by cruising and kayaking…
$75
14. Stellar of The Seas Top Norch Cruises in Ha Long Bay (3D2N)
Stellar Of The Seas are the leading line in 5-star cruises in Ha Long Bay. We have BRAND NEW cruises in Ha Long Bay - Lan…
$699
15. Luxury Jade Sail Day Cruise Tour in Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay
3
Jade Sail Cruise is making brand new tracks in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay. With up to nearly 8 hours of cruising time in …
$110
16. Cozy Premium 5 Star Halong Bay Day Tour By Expressway Transfer
2
The only place has been twice recognized as World Natural Heritage and listed as one of the new 7 natural wonders of the…
17. Oasis Bay Party Cruise for Young Travelers with Transfer Included
Spring Break
This tour is the best choice tour in Halong Bay that we offer an amazing experience for young travellers combining the beautiful…
$185
18. Doris Cruise - Luxury 2 Days Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
Doris Cruise is newly 5 star cruise. It is the first cruise with available swimming pool. All cabins have available private…
$200
19. Stellar of The Seas Best Top Vip Cruise Ha Long Bay 2 Day 1 Night
1–2 days
Stellar of the Seas cruises welcome you to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury…
$340
20. Light Cruise - Halong Deluxe Day Cruise with Small Group on Boat
Kayaking Tours
We would like to welcome you to Light Cruise with small group on boat so we can focused on customer service. You also have…
$66
The planning perfectionist’s guide to improvising a trip
Travel can be tricky, so why leave anything to chance when you can create a spreadsheet, checklist, color-coded itinerary that will cover your entire journey? Because while improvising things does invite some risk, there are also huge rewards. Here's how to add spontaneity to your travel.
Read now
21. Le Journey Cruise 2 Days 1 Night Tour with Meals,Cave,Beach,Island in Halong Bay
20
Experience Ha Long Bay aboard Le Journey – one of the best mid-range cruises available, you will not only see the beautifully…
$165
22. Mua Cave Tam Coc Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 2 days 1night
Ha Long Bay and Ninh Binh are the most beautiful landscapes in the northern of Vietnam. This tour is suitable for whom dont…
$195
23. Halong Bay Full Day Trip: Kayaking,Swimming,Hiking,Cave Exploring
This trip with enjoyed 5,5 hours cruising in Halong Bay like 2 day cruise, you will have chance to visit 2 most beautiful…
$45
24. Halong Aquamarine Cruise Luxury 2 Days 1 Night Tour on Bay
Halong Aquamarine Cruise is designed in royal style combining classic elegance and nobility with deep wood furniture. Consisted…
25. Aspira Luxury 5 Star Cruises into Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay (2D1N)
ASPIRA CRUISES with perfect combination of modern & traditional design will not only bring you a journey in comfort & luxury…
$205
26. Peony Cruise Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay (2D1N)
Peony Cruises is the leading line in 5-star cruises in Ha Long Bay. We have BRAND NEW cruises in Ha Long Bay – Lan Ha Bay…
27. Private Transfer On Expressway & Join Deluxe Cruise in Halong Bay
Discover Heritage Site Halong Bay by Deluxe Day Cruise with our hospitable crew and experienced tour guide will show you…
28. The Most Luxury Day Dour from Hanoi to Halong Bay Full Inclusives
Start day tour from Hanoi with Top Vip Cruise, you will sail among thousands of limestone karst islands of Halong Bay and…
29. Le Theatre Cruise - Wonder on Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay 2 Days Tour
9
Highlights of Le Theatre Cruise 2 Days 1 Night : *Cruising in Ha Long Bay & Lan Ha Bay by Top Vip Luxury Ship *Visit pristine…
$215
30. 2 nights excursion on Santa Maria Cruise
- The newest Premier cruise in Halong bay - Stylish and cozy cabin - Less touristy longest route among Halong bay cruises…
$304
Showing results 1-30 of 65
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Tourist60808340802
2 contributions
0
Amazing
Amazing experience. The service was excellent, so was food and views!!! Had an amazing time enjoying kayaking and swimming too. Highly recommend!
Review of: 3-Day Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 5 Star Cruise
Written March 9, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Scenic33275076307
1 contribution
Wonderful 😍😍
It was wonderful , halong bay is a beautiful area and tour guide was very helpful.

Cuuse was also good, food was also gud
Thanks Mr T
Read more
Review of: Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
Written March 10, 2024
ognjen z
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Mickey mouse is anything but average! he is fun , cheerful and knowledgeable . we went to halong bay by boat .it was fun and a beautiful experience !
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day Tour - 6 Hours on Deluxe Cruise: Kayaking, Swimming, Hiking
jjlimbw
Singapore, Singapore5 contributions
Highly recommended Tour Guide Mr Ben
I brought my dad (with knee cap problem) and a hearing impaired brother to Halong Bay. My tour guide Mr Ben was very caring, noted on my dad n bro special needs. He is professional and humourous. Mr Ben is friendly and helpful. He steered the tour with great knowledge and made the trip comfortable and memorable. We enjoyed ourselves during our full day Halong Bay day trip.
Review of: Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
Written February 16, 2024
kaymistry21
London, UK18 contributions
Great staff and amazing service
I went as a solo traveller and was not keen to do everything but the great manage Ha made me so comfortable said what ever l want to do. Also I’m a very fussy eater and could not eat first night but they adapted to make it to my liking the next day and it was beautiful, Ha the manager is great and the staff are amazing, nothing is too much. The day l didn’t do the trip the staff member brought me my breakfast I’m my room, did so much to make me comfortable and so create full.
Review of: BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
Written October 10, 2023
Harishuv29
Mumbai, India182 contributions
Great clean Cruise with comfortable cabin and friendly staff
The cruise itself is very good. The boat is clean spacious and not crowded. It’s worth soending the little higher fare . Also we took the limousine service for pickup from Hanoi that was very comfortable. The guide we got in n the Limousine was a bit loud and was always talking about tips. However the other gentleman on the cruise Ken was a jolly guy and conducted the tour very well. The company took enough care to give us plenty vegetarian options in the food including Veg Spring rolls Veg Pulav Noodles Salad Fruit Dessert to make it a hearty meal. The three standard Islands were covered along with Bamboo boat . We did not do kayaking. But one needs to tip the bamboo boat pilot. Overall amazing experience that ended with a cold beer and fritters and a beautiful sunset.
Review of: Alova Premium Cruise Halong Deluxe Day Tour with Transfer & Meal
Written January 8, 2024
JinMio R
Halong rain and cold
MickMouse team well connected dancing show awesome moments , good cheap tours prices okay service for the day with bus and food onboard
Review of: Ha Long Bay Day Cruise -Surprising Cave -Titop Island -Kayaking -Limousine Bus
Written January 28, 2024
following Derith
Rye, Australia127 contributions
go if you can.
What a brilliant trip. Although it cost a lot of $ it was the trip of a lifetime . We went on Ponant expedition cruise from Dunedin in NZ for a 21 day cruise visiting many subantarctic islands ( including Macquarie Island ) and the Ross sea. We had plenty of landings on zodiacs to places such as Shackletons Hut and
Scotts Hut and lots of places to see wildlife ( penguins galore, elephant seals, birdlife but also mega herbs). The Naturalists on board were brilliant and made the trip . Very comfortable ship ( Le Soleil ) with only 180 passengers . Its a must if you can manage it
Review of: Elite of The Seas - Unique Luxury 3 Days Cruise in Halong & Lan Ha Bay
Written February 12, 2024
Michael L
Impressive Tour - Halong and NinhBinh
The tour was flawlessly organized, with a well-thought itinerary that allowed us to savor every moment without feeling rushed. Our knowledgeable guide shared insightful stories about the history, culture, and traditions of Vietnam, adding depth to our exploration.
From comfortable and seamless tranportation to delectable local cuisine, every aspect of the tour exceeded our expectations. The tour operators demonstrated a commitment to great hospitality and responsible tourism.
Review of: All Inclusive Day Cruise Tour at Halong Bay
Written February 11, 2024
Robert Bandemer
Munich, Germany1 contribution
Nice experience
Very nice experience, we did the plancton tour in the night. Ryan is a very nice and good English speaking tour guide. We get a lot of information and we saw much glowing plancton. We can recommend this tour. Just book it in Cat Ba in the office near the coast.
Review of: What a great combination, day cruise and night kayak with glowing biolumenescent
Written March 3, 2024
asma
Grays Thurrock, UK6 contributions
Phenomenal 💕
Absolutely lovely, we were in Elite on the sea cruise which is their newest edition to stellar on the sea. Everything was elite , beautiful experience of a life time, scenery, the staff, the rooms, the food.. everything was top of the world.
Special thanks to the crew to make it so comfortable and so elite, especially Harry, David , Nar , Jenny , Hannah and all others . They really made a good team . Bravo to all. Really happy customer and definitely recommend to all. Just book with them and enjoy the life of king/queen.
Review of: Stellar of The Seas Top Norch Cruises in Ha Long Bay (3D2N)
Written October 28, 2022
Marissa H
This was a great day! Excellent service, food and a clean and modern boat. We enjoyed kayaking and swimming, too.
Excellent experience; the guides were friendly and knowledgeable. Pickup at the hotel was on time and both the van and the boat were clean and well appointed
Review of: Luxury Jade Sail Day Cruise Tour in Ha Long Bay and Lan Ha Bay
Written January 25, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for stand-up paddleboarding in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for stand-up paddleboarding in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Hanoi, Vietnam
Singapore, Singapore
5 contributions
London, UK
18 contributions
Mumbai, India
182 contributions
Rye, Australia
127 contributions
Munich, Germany
Grays Thurrock, UK
6 contributions
