Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Arvind C wrote a review Nov 2018
Hanoi, Vietnam50 contributions24 helpful votes
mesmerising sea view
Sea view rooms on higher floors are just amazing, one can look out to sea for hours. The rooftop swimming pool is a nice add on. Staff is very friendly and breakfast buffet was pretty rich. Stay here if you want to get 100% worth of your money. Do use sun screen the whole time you are at beach or roof top swimming pool, I got sun burned badly in just few hours of exposure.
Read more
Date of stay: November 2018
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALC S, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Nov 23, 2018
Xin chào ArvindC, Thank you for choosing A la Carte Hotel for your stay and taking the time to share your positive feedback recently. We are extremely pleased to learn that your overall stay with us was good. Customer's encouraging comments are a great motivation and give us even more enthusiasm in maintaining our efforts to offer service excellence. It was a great pleasure to be as your service and we hope that would have time to welcome you back soon again. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Ella F wrote a review Nov 2018
Perth, Australia12 contributions
Amazing ocean views
We stayed at A La Carte for a short period of time, but it was amazing! The rooftop pool provides a full view of the ocean and parts of the city. Everything from the hotel food, buffet breakfast and staff were great.
Xin chào Ella F, Many thanks for choosing À La Carte and your kind review. We are very happy to hear that everything was alright during your stay and that you appreciated all our services. We hope to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Kyle Brincefield wrote a review Nov 2018
New York City, New York83 contributions40 helpful votes
Best Hotel on the Beach
Loved every minute of staying at A La Carte Da Nang. The staff was a amazing with a speedy check in and giving us a gorgeous ocean view room on the beach and the morning breakfast was pretty good too. The views from the room balcony and rooftop are incomparable. Wish I could of stayed a week. The rooftop pool is stunning and I would have loved to have more time their as well. I would def recommend and 100% come back. The area is quite nice and we enjoyed watching the locals on the beach in the mornings doing tai chi, meditating, soccer practice and more. Da Nang is a beautiful city, growing at a rapid pace. Get there soon.
Responded Nov 16, 2018
Xin chào Kyle B Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at À La Carte. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon!!! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Susan A wrote a review Nov 2018
Langley, Canada7 contributions5 helpful votes
Best on the Beach
This is a top notch hotel that excels in service. We enjoyed our 5 night stay here thoroughly. It is so close to the beach which is extremely clean. There are a lot of seafood restaurants nearby but not much else. The hotel offers a delightful buffet breakfast and there are restaurants on site. The rooftop bar and restaurant are worth a visit. The view is amazing. It is an easy half hour taxi to HoiAn. I would recommend staying in danang for its beaches, quietness and cleanliness.
Xin chào smanders2018, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
MeoMap wrote a review Nov 2018
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam22 contributions6 helpful votes
Price was right but overall, this is mediocre and only going to go down
Arrived at the normal check-in time....the lobby is FILLED with people ready to check in. The staff - overwhelmed. Too many people wanting rooms, too few staff to check in...and a lot of mostly Chinese nationals who were very very rude (pushing, shoving, shouting). Finally, we get a room - smelly! We told the check in staff that the room was very smelly, they said nothing they could do. We asked for another room, again, spoke with the hotel manager who said: yes, but we have to wait an hour. Okay, so we get the room - NOISY (the beach side, which we paid extra to have, is quiet...the other sides: construction all around). We take it...noisy we can tolerate, smell, you cannot, not with 2 young children. Meals: a huge buffet area...the same pushy Chinese were there…
Date of stay: July 2018
1 Helpful vote
Xin chao MeoMap, Thank you for taking the time to advice us of your stay at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I would like to express my most sincere apologies for your unpleasant experience. We strive to provide service excellence but regrettably, we seem to have fallen short of our usual high standards on this occasion. We have assured that the matter has been discussed with relative department to ensure that we provide you with a better level of service next time you visit us. Thank you once again for your valuable feedback, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you again in the future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Keith B wrote a review Nov 2018
Canterbury, United Kingdom2 contributions4 helpful votes
Great trip to Da Nang
Particularly enjoyed the rooftop infinity pool and bar. Ocean View from our balcony was spectacular - great to wake up to every day. Room was large, well equipped and very clean. Overall a great place to stay in Da Nang. Lavender Bar around the corner was an added extra.
Date of stay: October 2018
Responded Nov 2, 2018
Xin chào Tour14105636150, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
maggie_q0823 wrote a review Oct 2018
5 contributions
Good stay !
The view from the swimming pool is great but it is a little bit deep (1.5m) for Asian girls. The staff are polite. Miss No is sweet and helpful. The breakfast buffet is awesome and many choices provided. Great stay here.
Responded Oct 29, 2018
Xin chao Maggie, Thank you so much for taking your time to write your lovely review, we are deeply grateful. Our team is so glad to hear that you enjoyed our stay with us. We are pleased that you had a great time. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach Hotel. Kind Regards, The A La Carte management team.
Karin S wrote a review Oct 2018
173 contributions68 helpful votes
A really good location, next to the beach
Big nice rooms. Some of the has a lovely view over the ocean. This time we got rooms on the side so not so good view. The rooms are clean and fresh. On the top floor there is a very nice pool and when you swim you have the view over the ocean. The service is good. It takes time to get up and down in the elevator. Breakfast is very international and fresh. You have to pay extra for Coffe Latte.
Responded Oct 28, 2018
Xin chào Karin S, Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
礼 大 wrote a review Oct 2018
9 contributions
We had a great time here
We stayed here about 2 days. It was a really good time. Everything is clean and very comfortable. If we have a next chance, we will definitely stay again. And staff are so nice. Thanks a lot. Cheers:))
Xin chào 礼 大, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at À La Carte. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon!!! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Carmen K wrote a review Oct 2018
1 contribution
An enjoyable stay in A La Carte Da Nang Beach Hotel
My family were enjoyed our first time visit to Da Nang. We Staff were helpful and friendly, Nguyen was nice In providing us assistance and recommendations. The rooftop infinite pool view was stunning. We also satisfied a lot for the variety of food provided in breakfast. Overall we have good time staying in hotel. Our family enjoyed so much!
Xin chào Carmen K, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at À La Carte. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon!!! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1718192021…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Arvind C
Hanoi, Vietnam
50 contributions
50
24 helpful votes
24
Date of stay:
transparency report
Ella F
Perth, Australia
12 contributions
12
Kyle Brincefield
New York City, New York
83 contributions
83
40 helpful votes
40
Susan A
Langley, Canada
7 contributions
7
5 helpful votes
MeoMap
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
22 contributions
22
6 helpful votes
6
Arrived at the normal check-in time....the lobby is FILLED with people ready to check in. The staff - overwhelmed. Too many people wanting rooms, too few staff to check in...and a lot of mostly Chinese nationals who were very very rude (pushing, shoving, shouting). Finally, we get a room - smelly! We told the check in staff that the room was very smelly, they said nothing they could do. We asked for another room, again, spoke with the hotel manager who said: yes, but we have to wait an hour. Okay, so we get the room - NOISY (the beach side, which we paid extra to have, is quiet...the other sides: construction all around). We take it...noisy we can tolerate, smell, you cannot, not with 2 young children. Meals: a huge buffet area...the same pushy Chinese were there
Keith B
Canterbury, United Kingdom
2 contributions
4 helpful votes
maggie_q0823
Karin S
173 contributions
173
68 helpful votes
68
礼 大
9
Carmen K
1
…
17
18
19
20
21
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
