Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangThe Marble Mountains
The Marble Mountains
7,995 reviews
#9 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
MountainsPoints of Interest & LandmarksGeologic Formations
Closed now
7:00 AM - 5:30 PM
Write a review
About
Discover the tunnels and grottoes within Thuy Son, the only one of the five Marble Mountains that’s open to travelers. Marvel at the Buddhist temples carved into the rock, then head to the hilltop overlook for awe-inspiring views of the city. Join a guided tour to learn more about the history of the mountains. To reach the summit, take the elevator or climb the stairs; if you choose to do the latter, be very careful as the marble steps tend to be slippery. Visit early in the morning or later in the day to escape the midday heat and beat the crowds. – Tripadvisor
Read more
Duration: < 1 hour
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (11,900)
Top ways to experience The Marble Mountains
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingOutdoor ActivitiesDay Trips & ExcursionsTheme Parks
Half-day MARBLE MOUNTAINS & LINH UNG PAGODA from DA NANG
23
Recommended
Bus Tours
from $32.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Morning Small group to Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain
323
Adventure Tours
from $32.70 per adult
Magnificent Marble Mountain Tour
1
Historical Tours
from $100.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue to Hoi An or Hoi An to Hue by car via Hai Van pass, monkey mountain, beaches
572
from $54.93 per adult (price varies by group size)
Full-day MY SON SANCTUARY & MARBLE MOUNTAINS from DA NANG
8
from $96.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain Sunset tour
304
from $25.97 per adult
Private Car Sightseeing Tour from Hue to Hoi An
175
Full-day Tours
from $119.00 per group (up to 3)
Marble Mountains-Am Phu Cave-Monkey Mountains from Hoi An/Da Nang
16
from $25.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Hoa Hai, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
101 within 3 miles
Laluna Bar & Restaurant
265
428 ft$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
SC Restaurant & Bar
13
332 ft$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
Hung 68 Food And Coffee
19
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
Attractions
74 within 6 miles
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
427 ftCaverns & Caves
Non Nuoc - Ngu Hanh Son Stone Carving Memory Museum
0.1 miArt Museums
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
0.6 miBeaches
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
LaLaK
Toronto, Canada205 contributions
Beautiful!
Everything is great here. I docked 1 point off the rating only because I think visitors should just prepare for being followed and asked to buy things. The people are friendly and kind but do follow you around if you speak English. It doesn’t overly bother me but I can see it being overwhelming for some. Wear non slip shoes as the steps are obviously very old and crumbling so you want non stick. The elevator up is very hot but only takes about 30 seconds to get up or down. There’s lots of places to buy water and souvenirs. You have to buy a ticket for entrance as well as a ticket to use the elevator up. There are steps to climb up however it can be challenging for anyone who isn’t sure footed. You can always take the elevator down. Ticket in per person is 40,000 dong and elevator is 15,000 dong up and buy another ticket to go down (total 30,000).
Visited March 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 9, 2023
rajkumars160
Bengaluru, India5 contributions
An unreal and divine experience
An experience that can't be put into words. 1. It's easy to reach from Da Nang about 15 mins scooty ride 2. The way up is via elevator as well through a cheap ticket 3. There are multiple caves but the one to not miss out on is the HUYEN KHONG cave. Feels absolutely unreal and there is an air which will just leave you at a standstill.
Visited December 2022
Written March 10, 2023
ZackBklyn
Brooklyn, New York40 contributions
More like a theme park than a cultural attraction
I’m not sure I would recommend this place. Yes, the temples and caves are very cool. But it is crazy crowded, the signage is not great (the map we were given was sort of helpful but we still got lost more than once), and all the neon lights and souvenir stands make it feel more like a theme park than a cultural attraction. If you are staying in Da Nang or Hoi An and don’t have much time to sightsee and don’t mind the theme park atmosphere then you might have a good time, otherwise I’d recommend going to Hue or going to temples that are less commercialized.
Written March 12, 2023
Gauthami B
Sydney, Australia54 contributions
Great experience even with a toddler.
A great experience with our 2.5yr old! Don't bring a pram though. And be prepared to carry your kid up and down a lot of stairs. But our kid enjoyed the experience and so did we. We didn't take the elevator, and the inital staircase was do-able. The stairs to the peak are what was challenging because it was steep!
Traveled with family
Written March 21, 2023
David C
16 contributions
Nice tourist trap
Not for everyone as some steps and caves are rocky steps of marble polished over time. At least one cave, most people chose not to go deeper because the steps are a little challenging.There was a lot of trash and junk,..even in a country known for it one would think more pride would be taken at an attraction like this, making it less beautiful. Overall, it was Ok for money, but note the large hell cave is separate admission. The area at the entrance has a tourist trap vibe and vendors will charge 5x more...they work it well and we're fun, to talk to so yes, we knowingly overpaid.,. For a souvenir with a story.
TravelBrianCO
Pearland, Texas866 contributions
Sweaty awesome mess
Amazing adventure. The caves, lookout points, and atmosphere are not to be missed. You will sweat more than you ever have in your life. The stairs are tough to navigate - slick and uneven. Bring plenty of water and go early to beat the crowds.
Written March 23, 2023
Leannie
Hanoi, Vietnam1,421 contributions
Average and busy
This was our second trip here and we didn't enjoy it as much as the first time. The caves are cool to walk into and a nice respite from the heat but I wasn't a big fan of the windy small stairs to climb up and down especially as they are two way. It does feel like a little bit of a rip off getting charged for every bit separately, the cave, the Pagoda, the lift both ways, would prefer to pay one ticket price which covers you for everything. There are a few vendors to get drinks and ice cream along the way which was welcome in the heat. There was building work going on so it was quie noisy on the lower levels and you did get dust over you when you walked past to the high levels, feel like they could have put up on a dust sheet
Written March 30, 2023
Kate W
6 contributions
A must see
This was an unexpected pleasant surprise. What they have done inside the mountains is amazing to see. The little stalls outside have some lovely gifts also. Must try the fresh coconuts, very refreshing. Make sure you waer comfortable shoes as the floor inside the cave can be slippy
Written April 1, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
marble mountain
steep steps
highest peak
worth the climb
main cave
walk up
worth a visit
buy something
take your time
entrance fee
nice view
elevator
caves
slippery
statues
buddha
paths
lookout
buddhist
vendors
shoes
souvenirs
4.0
7,996 reviews
Excellent
3,630
Very good
3,009
Average
1,058
Poor
204
Terrible
95
John L
54 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Money Grab
Mar 2020 • Family
Went there with my family to enjoy the hill and you are immediately grabbed by people selling crafts. There is a charge to use the elevator both up and a separate charge to use it to come down. There is also an entrance charge and they won’t even allow you to take a photo unless you have paid for it all. Once you are up the mountain (about 5 stories) you are once again accosted by guides forcing themselves on you and then demanding money. I’d take a hard pass on this one.
Written March 16, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
amanda5805
Duncan, Canada4,990 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Very Impressive Site lots to see
Dec 2019
We were on a group tour of about 18 people. This was one of our stops when we were heading from Hoi An to Hue (all in the same day). I am very glad we got here early how it was just starting to get really warm. Its a long way up and some of the stairs are very tall. We all split up and went our own way to see what was most important to us. There is so much to see here. Marble mountain consists of five marble & limestone hill and are named after the 5 elements. There are amazing statues, caves, temples and carving in the mountain. The view are also incredible.

It cost around 40,000VND ($2.35CAD) to enter Mount water. It also cost the same to enter Hell Cave. There is also an optional Elevator Fee of 15,000VND ($0.90CAD) per person/per ride. We didn’t take the Elevator Option. I do wish that we had taken the guide so we didn’t get lost in the short amount of time we were there for. The guide was 50,000VND ($3CAD). We only had an hour and a half at the marble mountains which was not even close to enough time. I would say you need a minimum of 3 hours to be able to take your time and really enjoy yourself. But the time we were leaving it was starting to get busy. Glad we got there when we did. I believe it was around 9am.
There are lots of shops around the bottom of the mountain selling carvings out of the stone from the mountains. There is also a few restaurants and corner stores to get something quick to eat before heading to your next location. The locals were all very friendly as you passed by.
I can not wait to go back and see all of this fantastic location.
Written May 29, 2020
Good_Partner
Sydney, Australia4,238 contributions
The best attraction in Danang
Feb 2020
This must be the far away No. 1 attraction for tourists visiting Danang. You must not miss it. The mountain is not high so taking the steps will be the wise choice even lift is available for a fee. Compared to other attraction entry fee in this city, climbing Marble Mountains has the best value. Stairs may be uneven but it's manageable if you climb up slowly. The caves were popular as they were the rare excitement at this peaceful attraction. One or two caves require very strong legs to climb up though so be aware (no worry by the younger ones) before entering the one way path as the path is narrow and steep so it's hard to withdraw and return. Allowing 2 hours here should be quite adequate.
Written February 9, 2020
Cherylann
Mumbai, India185 contributions
2
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Birds eye view from Marble Mountain
Dec 2019 • Couples
Marble mountain is mid way between Danang & Hoi An. So we booked a cab from our hotel in Hoi An to Danang city with a stop over at the Marble Mountains.
You can opt to walk up the steps which can be really tiring or pay 15k VND & take the elevator (one way).
The moment you get off the elevator, you are welcomed by an awesome view with the beach on one side & the city view on the other with mountains.
There are beautiful caves with statues in stone as well as marble. You can also buy statues & other souvenirs made from marble from the shops below in the area (although our driver had told us not to buy from the shops around as the marble quality wasn't that good).
A bit of advise: Please wear good sturdy shoes if you want to climb up into the steep caves.
Written January 9, 2020
jwgbusiness
Thornhill, Canada149 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
The religious aspects are fine, beware of merchants and their high prices
Nov 2019
This is a great place with a climb that may be hard for people with mobility issues. There are caves and religious statues that are worth seeing but beware of the merchants and their wares. The prices are exorbitant and there is a person who will track you in the main store until you leave, probably to assist but is there to sell.
Written February 28, 2020
David W
Luton, UK41 contributions
Marble a Mountain excursion.
Jan 2020 • Couples
We hired a grab and taxi to take us all over here he area for two days.
You have to pay to enter the mountain to explore the caves. There is an option to pay to ride a lift to the top. I am recommend that you buy the lift ticket as the stairs in the cave are doable, yet slippery and exhausting.
Written January 7, 2020
Liz W
Melbourne, Australia9 contributions
Incredible place
Jan 2020
Our morning tour with our guide Mr Ken (Tommy Dao Tours - HoiAn) began at 8am. Stopped of at a marble workshop/showroom then headed to Marble Mountain. Get there early to avoid the crowds. The caves were amazing and quite easy to access so long as you can do stairs. The glass lift up the mountain is great, it’s all leg work after that, including the descent to ground level. Having a knowledgeable guide is a must. We were able to learn about all the statues, caves, temples and many other details that are not well sign posted for tourists wandering the cave areas without guides. Having a private tour guide like Mr Ken made our visit much more informative and gave us a great understanding about the history of the mountains. We then headed to the Dragon Bridge in Danang for a few photos and then The Lady Buddha site for another well informed tour which includes a few chance meeting with some monkeys! Well worth a visit if you are around Danang and/or HoiAn. Our tour was a 1/2 day that was completed with a beautiful Vietnamese lunch in HoiAn. Thank you Tommy Dao Tours & Mr Ken.
Written January 8, 2020
James K
Stourbridge, UK36 contributions
Great views inside/out
The 5 craggy tops are a major tourist attraction and therefore very busy, even though we visited late in the day. That said we really enjoyed the visit. There is an elevator to take you part way up the crag or a couple of paths. Inside the mountain are a series of natural caves containing Hindu and Buddist shrines. The largest with a large Buddha statue was a Viet Cong hospital in the American War. There are also great views from the highest point on Thuy Son, which we had to ourselves. Around the mountains are the usual stalls selling tourist stuff and lots of statues with most of the stone imported from China.
Written January 14, 2020
Skattch
Pleasant Hill, CA326 contributions
So much more than we imagined
My wife and I booked a private tour of Marble Mountain through our hotel, the La Siesta, in Hoi An.
Our guide, pronounced Home, was excellent.
Our tour started with a brief stop at one of the family marble carvers. They had an amazing collection of statues and other art delicately and lovely card from different types of marble. I wish we had room to have one of these in our yard because they were really some of the most beautiful statues I’ve ever seen.
But the real value of this tour started once we taking the elevator to the top of the mountain. After that followed one amazing setting after another. From pagoda to cave to Budda and temple then again and again it seems like we couldn’t get any more amazed until we were.
It’s one of those places were pictures no matter how good simply do not do it justice.
We highly, highly recommend the store to anybody who is in the area.
Written February 23, 2020
dekalbill
DeKalb, IL581 contributions
Temples, Caves and Views
This is a popular site with lots of visitors, but it is worth the time to experience the wonders of this area. I was impressed by the temples, pagodas, statues, ponds, caves and beautiful views. Take the elevator to the top.
Written January 17, 2020
…
Showing results 1-10 of 5,366
Also popular with travelers
2023
Son Tra Mountain
827
Mountains
Open now
Beaches
2024
My Khe Beach
2,649
Caverns & Caves
DHC Marina
200
Marinas
Phuoc My Beach
60
Hot spring Park
59
Hot Springs & Geysers
Red Beach
81
Bãi Đá Đen
Riverside Park
12
Parks
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
The Marble Mountains - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
Frequently Asked Questions about The Marble Mountains
What's the best way to see The Marble Mountains?
What hotels are near The Marble Mountains?
What restaurants are near The Marble Mountains?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Points of Interest & Landmarks
Geologic Formations
Tours & Sightseeing
Outdoor Activities
Day Trips & Excursions
Theme Parks
$32.00
$32.70
$100.00
$54.93
$96.00
$25.97
$119.00
$25.90
428 ft
$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
332 ft
$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
0.2 mi
$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
427 ft
0.1 mi
Art Museums
0.6 mi
Toronto, Canada
205 contributions
March 2023
as a couple
Bengaluru, India
5 contributions
December 2022
Brooklyn, New York
40 contributions
Sydney, Australia
with family
Pearland, Texas
866 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
1,421 contributions
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Duncan, Canada
4,990 contributions
4,238 contributions
Mumbai, India
185 contributions
Thornhill, Canada
149 contributions
Luton, UK
41 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
9 contributions
Stourbridge, UK
36 contributions
Pleasant Hill, CA
326 contributions
DeKalb, IL
581 contributions
