Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
2023
Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
724 reviews
In Da Nang
#59 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Beautiful hotel overlooking the sea and beach, fantastic room with very comfy bed and pillows, a great bath, hot water and good amenities, staff where excellent always willing to chat, The room as well as all of t..."
"Excellent hotel - welcoming, friendly and helpful staff, room clean and spacious, yummy breakfast, location just right by the beach, nice and cooling bar and beautiful view of the beach on level 19."
Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#89 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The environment is very excellent and the infinity pool looks very beautiful , and the service is very kind , the view of the front hotel just face the very fantastic beach, we just have a very happy 3days time at..."
"All the facility looks quite new and very clean From the hotel, I just walked a few minutes away finding some places to eat The beach at night was entertaining, tasting coconut drink and enjoyed night life with li..."
Stella Maris Beach Danang
1,811 reviews
#85 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Good modern hotel at the most happening beach location of Danang.. Excellent courtesy by Miss Jasmine of front office.. Great SPA service..not to forget amazing views from the 15th floor roof top lounge..."
"(including The Esco Beach Bar, with the Amazing Fire display Act) The Staff at The Stella Maris was extremely Helpful And Friendly, Made our Stay extra Special, presenting Me with a Birthday Cake after Breakfast O..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Grand Gold Hotel
345 reviews
3.7 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Tho Quang
"Is very wonderful to watch beautiful view of the beach from the mirror on the morning and here the food is very delicious and got different type of style of coooking make your stomach feel full everytime u eat"
"Across the road from beach and short taxi to CBD or beach front restaurants Thank you Hanna for being an amazing hostess"
Chicland Hotel
580 reviews
#35 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed in room 1607, a one bedroom oceanfront apartment that is super spacious with a lush, green balcony, awesome views of the beach and sounds of waves crashing day and night."
"Very nice and charming building, amazing architecture, excellent food and drinks, relaxing atmosphere in front of a beautiful beach."
TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,089 reviews
#28 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"... - very spacious room - great breakfast - nice rooftop with an amazing view - amazing massage in the Spa! Overall it was a great stay in Da Nang, mainly because of the amazing service in TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach!"
"With its combination of outstanding views, mouth-watering dishes, and great service, TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach is a must-visit destination for foodies and nature lovers alike."
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
3,048 reviews
#6 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Excellent hospitality Ms Subeo checked us in smoothly Great multicusine breakfast 2mins to beach nice infinity swimming pool for leisure time Ms Subeo speaks English well and can help you smoothen the stay we atte..."
"Excellent room ,Superb view ,Fabulous food ,Perfect location.Best price .Surely a visit .Hospitality top notch ..... this beach side located hotel is a perfect package for your holiday in danang ...highly recommen..."
Le Hoang Beach Hotel
766 reviews
#47 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Thank you so much for everything in Le hoang beach hotel The staff is very friendly and kindly Especially, Lucy and Vien at Front Desk always smile and helpful thank ms Hien from Housekeeping give us good time"
"All the staff especially the amazing Lucy and Vien who both went out of their way to make sure I had a brilliant and relaxing stay at the hotel Very good hotel and perfectly positioned across from the beach."
Bluesun Hotel
532 reviews
#10 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Excellent hotel and hospitality...Breakfast was amazing with lot of varieties...Staff is really kind and helpful and very sweet..location is outstanding , right across My Khe beach ..Will surely come back again to..."
"Excellent staff Good view and everyone was very helpful especially- Jenny The surroundings were very nice- beach and a lot of restaurants, clubs closeby."
Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
183 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#11 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"It's a great hotel just opposite My Khe Beach with restaurants , cafes , convience stores all walkable distance Their infinity pool is awesome and breakfast huge selection , highly recommend this hotel for their g..."
"Our stay at the Maximillian hotel opposite the beach at Danang was well located and easy to visit the central district and markets the beach and night venues are across the road the golf courses were short drives..."
Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang
89 reviews
#103 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"- Bathroom is clean with high quality amenities that we like alot - Staff are attentive and friendly especially security in basement - Great location with many restaurants and coffee and the beach is just cross th..."
"Fantastic stay in this lovely hotel, in a prime location, 2mins walk from the beach, and the best beach stretch."
Fusion Suites Danang Beach
893 reviews
#100 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach."
"All of them showed their beautiful smile in their face and arranged for me a good room with ocean view."
The Code Hotel & Spa
156 reviews
#67 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Looks like we are in Waikiki Beach Hotels 😀 ,indeed awesome photo taking opportunities !!! Room is tastefully designed complete with bathroom amenities & complimentary water/coffee tea facilities."
"We booked partial sea view room and it was worth to pay and we can see ocean view in the bed and recommend to stay if you enjoy beach front view from the hotel."
Four Points by Sheraton Danang
714 reviews
2.7 miles from Da Nang
#5 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"... Nice location, for rest and relax (Even on Business trip) Beautiful Sunrise Nice Staff Member ; Helpful smile and so kind Warm welcome from staff, clean Room perfect side, quiet Attack the Beach by X the road,"
"From my room I can the beautiful beach of My Khe & My An, remind me of Waikiki in Honolulu + Fort Lauderdale/ Miami Beach in Florida and Copacabana & Ipanema in Rio de Janeiro, with plenty of high rise buildings (..."
Visit hotel website
Santa Luxury Hotel
383 reviews
#42 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing Hotel Santa Luxury Da Nang Breakfast Good Indian meal should be an Option Staff Very Helpful Amazing location near To Beach Front walking distance Room Top Category with Beach View from Window Ms Linh Duye..."
"It was a wonderful experience and great view to the ocean and beach amazing food and lovely people especially Daisy and Tamie 😊 Also it’s very close to different restaurant and food vendors and I would highly rec..."
Rosamia Da Nang Hotel
204 reviews
#70 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Great hotel to stay, awesome location as the beach is just across the street, rooms are a bit small as they've tried to cram all 5-star amenities within the limited space."
"We had a great time at the hotel, we were upgraded at check in to an ocean view, the staff very helpful and friendly."
Eden Hotel Danang
320 reviews
#98 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The location on the beach front was perfect for early morning and evening walks and a good selection of restaurants near by."
"Room view of beach and ocean was lovely, especially with lights among the palms on the promenade at night."
Seashore Hotel - Apartment
160 reviews
#101 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel is across from the beach in a quieter area, however the beach is beautiful for early morning walks with many locals around."
"Make sure to book beachfront room - the views are spectacular."
Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
#113 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are separate..."
Altara Suites
601 reviews
#65 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the beach with water views from most rooms."
"The best service, amazing suite, good food, nice facilities including the pool that we used a lot, close to beautiful beach."
Dan Oasis Beach Hotel and Apartment
124 reviews
#129 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very quiet and exactly 56 steps from the beach which is very clean and very nice."
"Absolute beach front."
Sofiana My Khe Hotel & Spa
577 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 71 hotels in My An
"... room are very comfortable and bed was spacious, it was a super king size, given the price it is perfect too! breakfast was delicious and has wide variety, hotel surroundings had many cafes and beach is nearby!"
"Smiley staffs, all friendly with English speaking, thanks Chris for the advices and arrangements… many seafood restaurants nearby can reach beach by walking … will be super fun if you rent a motorbike go around Da..."
Draco Hotel & Suites
210 reviews
#3 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"right across from the beach with wonderful views from hotel room and the rooftop lounge, loved the swimming pool and got great service from bar. we had breakfast included and it was fantastic."
"The beach is also just a 3 minute walk away with the main beach Chị road leading to the temples, and a 45 minuet drive to hoi an! Would definitely recommend staying here!"
Radisson Hotel Danang
2.4 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 42 hotels in Phuoc My
"There are very kindness, good delicious food, good room condition and good sea view loof top pool It is just front sea my Che beach and there are so many Excellent food market and it is good club at the front sea."
"The rooms are spacious with great views of the beach The Restaurant is wonderful, amazing variety of international cuisine, lovely relaxing ambience BUT THE BEST PART IF HOTEL RADISSON US THE STAFF !"
Matches:Luxury
Missing:BeachfrontResort
One Opera Danang Hotel
212 reviews
#122 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed in this hotel for about a week at the ocasion of a scientific conference there and a few extra days. My stay there was very pleasant, the room comfortable and large, the breakfast abundant and in a nice and..."
Avatar Hotel Da Nang
701 reviews
#91 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The Hotel is ideally located to the beach, bar and restaurants."
"Like e sea view & walking distance to e beach."
Alani Hotel & Spa
120 reviews
#139 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"View from balcony overlook My Khe beach and can see Lady Buddha statue from far."
"My Khe beach is absolutely beautiful."
Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
96 reviews
#118 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very Good breakfast and superb spa- had one of the bedt massages ever Roms cleqn and spacious - very Nice beds Hope to be back and spend Even more days ar This hotel Beach across Street - Cool rooftop bar"
"A beautiful hotel situated directly across from the beach, the staff were extremely friendly, welcoming and so helpful, our flight was very early in the morning and we arrived at the hotel 4 hours before check in,..."
Jazz Hotel
214 reviews
#153 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are..."
Grand Tourane Hotel
811 reviews
#48 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Nice service from Mr Tien and also other staff, they're very friendly and supportive; good breakfast with plenty of dishes, nice view from the room (sea view) , the location is convenient (near the beach)"
"The hotel is located in a quieter area, so its takes a 10 mins walk south along the beach road to the busy town street which has coffee shops, dessert places and restuarants."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Read more
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
South Goa District
Popular Da Nang Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
All Inclusive Resorts
Family Resorts
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about luxury beach resorts
What are the best luxury beach resorts near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have a pool?
Which luxury beach resorts are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best luxury beach resorts in Da Nang?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are romantic?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Beautiful hotel overlooking the sea and beach, fantastic room with very comfy bed and pillows, a great bath, hot water and good amenities, staff where excellent always willing to chat, The room as well as all of t...
Beautiful hotel overlooking the sea and
beach
, fantastic room with very comfy bed and pillows, a great bath, hot water and good amenities, staff where excellent always willing to chat, The room as well as all of t...
Excellent hotel - welcoming, friendly and helpful staff, room clean and spacious, yummy breakfast, location just right by the beach, nice and cooling bar and beautiful view of the beach on level 19.
Excellent hotel - welcoming, friendly and helpful staff, room clean and spacious, yummy breakfast, location just right by the beach, nice and cooling bar and
beautiful view of the beach
on level 19.
The environment is very excellent and the infinity pool looks very beautiful , and the service is very kind , the view of the front hotel just face the very fantastic beach, we just have a very happy 3days time at...
The environment is very excellent and the infinity pool looks very beautiful , and the service is very kind , the view of the front hotel just face the very
fantastic beach
, we just have a very happy 3days time at...
All the facility looks quite new and very clean From the hotel, I just walked a few minutes away finding some places to eat The beach at night was entertaining, tasting coconut drink and enjoyed night life with li...
All the facility looks quite new and very clean From the hotel, I just walked a few minutes away finding some places to eat The
at night was entertaining, tasting coconut drink and enjoyed night life with li...
Good modern hotel at the most happening beach location of Danang.. Excellent courtesy by Miss Jasmine of front office.. Great SPA service..not to forget amazing views from the 15th floor roof top lounge...
Good modern hotel at the most
happening beach
location of Danang.. Excellent courtesy by Miss Jasmine of front office.. Great SPA service..not to forget amazing views from the 15th floor roof top lounge...
(including The Esco Beach Bar, with the Amazing Fire display Act) The Staff at The Stella Maris was extremely Helpful And Friendly, Made our Stay extra Special, presenting Me with a Birthday Cake after Breakfast O...
(including The Esco
Beach Bar
, with the Amazing Fire display Act) The Staff at The Stella Maris was extremely Helpful And Friendly, Made our Stay extra Special, presenting Me with a Birthday Cake after Breakfast O...
Is very wonderful to watch beautiful view of the beach from the mirror on the morning and here the food is very delicious and got different type of style of coooking make your stomach feel full everytime u eat
Is very wonderful to watch
from the mirror on the morning and here the food is very delicious and got different type of style of coooking make your stomach feel full everytime u eat
Across the road from beach and short taxi to CBD or beach front restaurants Thank you Hanna for being an amazing hostess
Across the road from beach and short taxi to CBD or
beach front
restaurants Thank you Hanna for being an amazing hostess
We stayed in room 1607, a one bedroom oceanfront apartment that is super spacious with a lush, green balcony, awesome views of the beach and sounds of waves crashing day and night.
We stayed in room 1607, a one bedroom oceanfront apartment that is super spacious with a lush, green balcony, awesome views of the
and sounds of waves crashing day and night.
Very nice and charming building, amazing architecture, excellent food and drinks, relaxing atmosphere in front of a beautiful beach.
Very nice and charming building, amazing architecture, excellent food and drinks, relaxing atmosphere in front of a
beautiful beach
.
... - very spacious room - great breakfast - nice rooftop with an amazing view - amazing massage in the Spa! Overall it was a great stay in Da Nang, mainly because of the amazing service in TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach!
... - very spacious room - great breakfast - nice rooftop with an amazing view - amazing massage in the Spa! Overall it was a great stay in Da Nang, mainly because of the amazing service in TMS Hotel
Da Nang Beach
!
With its combination of outstanding views, mouth-watering dishes, and great service, TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach is a must-visit destination for foodies and nature lovers alike.
With its combination of outstanding views, mouth-watering dishes, and great service, TMS Hotel Da
Nang Beach
is a must-visit destination for foodies and nature lovers alike.
Excellent hospitality Ms Subeo checked us in smoothly Great multicusine breakfast 2mins to beach nice infinity swimming pool for leisure time Ms Subeo speaks English well and can help you smoothen the stay we atte...
Excellent hospitality Ms Subeo checked us in smoothly Great multicusine breakfast 2mins to
beach nice
infinity swimming pool for leisure time Ms Subeo speaks English well and can help you smoothen the stay we atte...
Excellent room ,Superb view ,Fabulous food ,Perfect location.Best price .Surely a visit .Hospitality top notch ..... this beach side located hotel is a perfect package for your holiday in danang ...highly recommen...
Excellent room ,Superb view ,Fabulous food ,Perfect location.Best price .Surely a visit .Hospitality top notch ..... this
beach side
located hotel is a perfect package for your holiday in danang ...highly recommen...
Thank you so much for everything in Le hoang beach hotel The staff is very friendly and kindly Especially, Lucy and Vien at Front Desk always smile and helpful thank ms Hien from Housekeeping give us good time
Thank you so much for everything in Le hoang
beach hotel
The staff is very friendly and kindly Especially, Lucy and Vien at Front Desk always smile and helpful thank ms Hien from Housekeeping give us good time
All the staff especially the amazing Lucy and Vien who both went out of their way to make sure I had a brilliant and relaxing stay at the hotel Very good hotel and perfectly positioned across from the beach.
All the staff especially the amazing Lucy and Vien who both went out of their way to make sure I had a brilliant and relaxing stay at the hotel Very good hotel and perfectly positioned across from the
Excellent hotel and hospitality...Breakfast was amazing with lot of varieties...Staff is really kind and helpful and very sweet..location is outstanding , right across My Khe beach ..Will surely come back again to...
Excellent hotel and hospitality...Breakfast was amazing with lot of varieties...Staff is really kind and helpful and very sweet..location is outstanding , right across My Khe
..Will surely come back again to...
Excellent staff Good view and everyone was very helpful especially- Jenny The surroundings were very nice- beach and a lot of restaurants, clubs closeby.
Excellent staff Good view and everyone was very helpful especially- Jenny The surroundings were very
nice- beach
and a lot of restaurants, clubs closeby.
It's a great hotel just opposite My Khe Beach with restaurants , cafes , convience stores all walkable distance Their infinity pool is awesome and breakfast huge selection , highly recommend this hotel for their g...
It's a great hotel just opposite My Khe
Beach
with restaurants , cafes , convience stores all walkable distance Their infinity pool is awesome and breakfast huge selection , highly recommend this hotel for their g...
Our stay at the Maximillian hotel opposite the beach at Danang was well located and easy to visit the central district and markets the beach and night venues are across the road the golf courses were short drives...
Our stay at the Maximillian hotel
opposite the beach
at Danang was well located and easy to visit the central district and markets the beach and night venues are across the road the golf courses were short drives...
- Bathroom is clean with high quality amenities that we like alot - Staff are attentive and friendly especially security in basement - Great location with many restaurants and coffee and the beach is just cross th...
- Bathroom is clean with high quality amenities that we like alot - Staff are attentive and friendly especially security in basement - Great location with many restaurants and coffee and the
is just cross th...
Fantastic stay in this lovely hotel, in a prime location, 2mins walk from the beach, and the best beach stretch.
Fantastic stay in this lovely hotel, in a prime location, 2mins walk from the beach, and the best
beach stretch
The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the beach.
The hotel is located just few steps crossing the street from the
All of them showed their beautiful smile in their face and arranged for me a good room with ocean view.
All of them showed their beautiful smile in their face and arranged for me a good
room with ocean view
Looks like we are in Waikiki Beach Hotels 😀 ,indeed awesome photo taking opportunities !!! Room is tastefully designed complete with bathroom amenities & complimentary water/coffee tea facilities.
Looks like we are in
Waikiki Beach Hotels
😀 ,indeed awesome photo taking opportunities !!! Room is tastefully designed complete with bathroom amenities & complimentary water/coffee tea facilities.
We booked partial sea view room and it was worth to pay and we can see ocean view in the bed and recommend to stay if you enjoy beach front view from the hotel.
We booked partial sea view room and it was worth to pay and we can see ocean view in the bed and recommend to stay if you
enjoy beach
front view from the hotel.
... Nice location, for rest and relax (Even on Business trip) Beautiful Sunrise Nice Staff Member ; Helpful smile and so kind Warm welcome from staff, clean Room perfect side, quiet Attack the Beach by X the road,
... Nice location, for rest and relax (Even on Business trip) Beautiful Sunrise Nice Staff Member ; Helpful smile and so kind Warm welcome from staff, clean Room perfect side, quiet Attack the
by X the road,
From my room I can the beautiful beach of My Khe & My An, remind me of Waikiki in Honolulu + Fort Lauderdale/ Miami Beach in Florida and Copacabana & Ipanema in Rio de Janeiro, with plenty of high rise buildings (...
From my room I can the
of My Khe & My An, remind me of Waikiki in Honolulu + Fort Lauderdale/ Miami Beach in Florida and Copacabana & Ipanema in Rio de Janeiro, with plenty of high rise buildings (...
Amazing Hotel Santa Luxury Da Nang Breakfast Good Indian meal should be an Option Staff Very Helpful Amazing location near To Beach Front walking distance Room Top Category with Beach View from Window Ms Linh Duye...
Amazing Hotel Santa Luxury Da Nang Breakfast Good Indian meal should be an Option Staff Very Helpful Amazing location near To
Beach Front
walking distance Room Top Category with Beach View from Window Ms Linh Duye...
It was a wonderful experience and great view to the ocean and beach amazing food and lovely people especially Daisy and Tamie 😊 Also it’s very close to different restaurant and food vendors and I would highly rec...
It was a wonderful experience and great view to the ocean and
beach amazing
food and lovely people especially Daisy and Tamie 😊 Also it’s very close to different restaurant and food vendors and I would highly rec...
Great hotel to stay, awesome location as the beach is just across the street, rooms are a bit small as they've tried to cram all 5-star amenities within the limited space.
Great hotel to stay, awesome location as the
is just across the street, rooms are a bit small as they've tried to cram all 5-star amenities within the limited space.
We had a great time at the hotel, we were upgraded at check in to an ocean view, the staff very helpful and friendly.
We had a great time at the hotel, we were upgraded at check in to an
ocean view
, the staff very helpful and friendly.
The location on the beach front was perfect for early morning and evening walks and a good selection of restaurants near by.
The location on the
was perfect for early morning and evening walks and a good selection of restaurants near by.
Room view of beach and ocean was lovely, especially with lights among the palms on the promenade at night.
Room view of
and ocean was lovely, especially with lights among the palms on the promenade at night.
The hotel is across from the beach in a quieter area, however the beach is beautiful for early morning walks with many locals around.
The hotel is across from the
in a quieter area, however the
is beautiful for early morning walks with many locals around.
Make sure to book beachfront room - the views are spectacular.
Make sure to book
beachfront room
- the views are spectacular.
The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the beach with water views from most rooms.
The staff really made the stay wonderful The suites are spacious and well equipped Directly across from the
with water views from most rooms.
The best service, amazing suite, good food, nice facilities including the pool that we used a lot, close to beautiful beach.
The best service, amazing suite, good food, nice facilities including the pool that we used a lot, close to
Very quiet and exactly 56 steps from the beach which is very clean and very nice.
Very quiet and exactly 56 steps from the
which is very clean and very nice.
Absolute beach front.
Absolute
... room are very comfortable and bed was spacious, it was a super king size, given the price it is perfect too! breakfast was delicious and has wide variety, hotel surroundings had many cafes and beach is nearby!
... room are very comfortable and bed was spacious, it was a super king size, given the price it is perfect too! breakfast was delicious and has wide variety, hotel surroundings had many cafes and
is nearby!
Smiley staffs, all friendly with English speaking, thanks Chris for the advices and arrangements… many seafood restaurants nearby can reach beach by walking … will be super fun if you rent a motorbike go around Da...
Smiley staffs, all friendly with English speaking, thanks Chris for the advices and arrangements… many seafood restaurants nearby can
reach beach
by walking … will be super fun if you rent a motorbike go around Da...
right across from the beach with wonderful views from hotel room and the rooftop lounge, loved the swimming pool and got great service from bar. we had breakfast included and it was fantastic.
right across from the
with wonderful views from hotel room and the rooftop lounge, loved the swimming pool and got great service from bar. we had breakfast included and it was fantastic.
The beach is also just a 3 minute walk away with the main beach Chị road leading to the temples, and a 45 minuet drive to hoi an! Would definitely recommend staying here!
The beach is also just a 3 minute walk away with the
main beach
Chị road leading to the temples, and a 45 minuet drive to hoi an! Would definitely recommend staying here!
There are very kindness, good delicious food, good room condition and good sea view loof top pool It is just front sea my Che beach and there are so many Excellent food market and it is good club at the front sea.
There are very kindness, good delicious food, good room condition and good sea view loof top pool It is just front sea my Che
and there are so many Excellent food market and it is good club at the front sea.
The rooms are spacious with great views of the beach The Restaurant is wonderful, amazing variety of international cuisine, lovely relaxing ambience BUT THE BEST PART IF HOTEL RADISSON US THE STAFF !
The rooms are spacious with
great views of the beach
The Restaurant is wonderful, amazing variety of international cuisine, lovely relaxing ambience BUT THE BEST PART IF HOTEL RADISSON US THE STAFF !
The Hotel is ideally located to the beach, bar and restaurants.
The Hotel is ideally located to the
, bar and restaurants.
Like e sea view & walking distance to e beach.
Like e sea view & walking distance to e
View from balcony overlook My Khe beach and can see Lady Buddha statue from far.
View from balcony overlook My Khe
and can see Lady Buddha statue from far.
My Khe beach is absolutely beautiful.
My Khe
beach is absolutely beautiful
Very Good breakfast and superb spa- had one of the bedt massages ever Roms cleqn and spacious - very Nice beds Hope to be back and spend Even more days ar This hotel Beach across Street - Cool rooftop bar
Very Good breakfast and superb spa- had one of the bedt massages ever Roms cleqn and spacious - very Nice beds Hope to be back and spend Even more days ar This
hotel Beach
across Street - Cool rooftop bar
A beautiful hotel situated directly across from the beach, the staff were extremely friendly, welcoming and so helpful, our flight was very early in the morning and we arrived at the hotel 4 hours before check in,...
A beautiful hotel situated directly across from the
, the staff were extremely friendly, welcoming and so helpful, our flight was very early in the morning and we arrived at the hotel 4 hours before check in,...
Nice service from Mr Tien and also other staff, they're very friendly and supportive; good breakfast with plenty of dishes, nice view from the room (sea view) , the location is convenient (near the beach)
Nice service from Mr Tien and also other staff, they're very friendly and supportive; good breakfast with plenty of dishes, nice view from the room (sea view) , the location is convenient (near the
)
The hotel is located in a quieter area, so its takes a 10 mins walk south along the beach road to the busy town street which has coffee shops, dessert places and restuarants.
The hotel is located in a quieter area, so its takes a 10 mins
walk south along the beach
road to the busy town street which has coffee shops, dessert places and restuarants.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
