Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat Rides & Cruises in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Boat Rides & Cruises
Boat Rides & Cruises in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Speed Boats Tours
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Show all
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
1,000+ places sorted by featured
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Adventure Tours
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beache…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$125
3. Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
251
Enjoy amazing views of the UNESCO-listed landscape with our 5 star cruise. Dragon bay cruise with 25 cabins which are all…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$159
4. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
1,438
6–12 hours
Get out on the water and escape the crowds on land during a cruise that offers the best views of Halong Bay. Ideal for first…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$50
2023
5. Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
1,896
Full-day Tours
11–12 hours
Highlights with Cozy Bay Premium 5 Star Cruise - Halong Full-Day Trip: - Shuttle Bus 2 ways by expressway. - 5 star cruise…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$56
6. PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
415
Lunch Cruises
9–11 hours
Halong Bay 1-day tour is for travelers who have little time and want to experience the most beautiful part of the Bay.  …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$82
7. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
1,669
Our boats start from Cat Ba island, which is more beautiful and more interesting than Ha Long city. We avoid the crowd, …
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$157
8. Symphony Cruise- Luxury Day Trip From Hanoi With Express Transfer
Bus Tours
6+ hours
We draw inspiration from the sounds created by the wind and waves. The wind produces music as it brushes against rocks and…
$99
9. Halong Pandora 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive, cave, transfer
143
Enjoy amazing views of the UNESCO-listed landscape with Luxury 5 Star Cruise. Highlight: Cruise is designed with ensuite…
$145
10. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
537
Escape Hanoi and discover Ha Long Bay, the Ha Long Warf, Sung Sot Cave, and the tranquil Ti Top Island. Kayak at Luon Cave…
11. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
$38
12. (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
413
Our Cruise is a top-of-the-line cruise experience that offers guests an amazing Tour that allows you to experience the local…
13. 3-Day Hanoi-Ninh Binh-Halong-Lan Ha Bay 5 Star Cruise & Balcony
135
3 days
Explore Ninh Binh's famous Trang An Cave, and ancient Bai Dinh Temple, Mua Cave, experiencing local culture during a 1-night…
14. Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
Halong Bay day trip from Hanoi - best choice when you don't have much time Taking a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong …
$39
15. (All Inclusive 5-STAR) Amanda Cruise 2 Days 1 Night - Ha Long Bay
330
Our Cruise is the FIRST and ONLY 5-star cruise ship in Ha Long to offer a 2-day-1-night itinerary exploring unspoiled spots…
$189
16. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
SPECIAL OFFER
17. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
652
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$52$47
18. 2 Days Era Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay from Hanoi
4
Kayaking Tours
We offer 2-day tours, allowing travelers to explore iconic attractions like Sung Sot Cave, Ti Top Island, Trinh Nu Cave, …
$334
19. HaLong Bay 2D1N with Dragon Crown Cruise -All Inclusive,Transfer
548
Dragon Crown 4 Star Cruise is one of the most beautiful cruises in Halong Bay. Cruise is designed with 4 floors and 26 cabins…
$150
20. Hanoi: Ninh Binh Tour and Ha Long Bay Cruise 3-Day Trip
92
A trip three days would not be completed without a tour to breathtaking Ha Long Bay or the bay of descending dragons that…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$250
8 ways to reconnect with nature on your travels, no matter where you are in the world
The most memorable getaways give us the things we crave—mesmerizing sights, exciting explorations, and a more intentional pace. And if you retreat to nature when you’re miles away, it rewards you in wonderfully different ways.
Read now
21. Halong 6 hours Boat tour with Cave, Kayak, lunch, transfer high-way from Hanoi
80
10–11 hours
6 hours boat tour to visit the striking, passages uninhabited islets and outcrops have been given imaginative names by the…
$18
22. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
23. BEST SELLER - Halong 5 Star Day Cruise: Buffet Lunch, Wine& Fruit
728
Spring Break
We are children from many different lands in Vietnam but mainly from Hanoi and Ha Long. Hanoi – The capital of Vietnam with…
$48
24. Best seller Halong Bay Day cruise: Sung Sot cave, Titop, kayaking
1,033
Highlight: Cruising for a full day around Halong Bay with a professional guide and crew - Choosing a longer Journey on …
$58
25. Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Town - Serenity Premium Cruise
74
8–9 hours
The Lan Ha Bay day tour from Cat Ba Island offers a distinctive itinerary on a spacious cruise, featuring a plethora of …
$35
26. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
27. Diamond Halong 5-Star Day Cruise,Cave,Kayak,Jacuzzi Pool,Buffet
134
You will admire the beauty of Halong Heritages with Diamond luxury 5-star cruise which has a luxurious and elegant design…
$52
28. Halong Bay 2D1N Traditional Boat All Inclusive Suppring Cave,Titop,Luon Cave
583
Embark on an enchanting 2 days, 1 night voyage through the mystical waters of Halong Bay, where luxury meets natural beauty…
$125$110
29. Luxury Lan Ha Bay Full Day Boat tour from Cat Ba island
210
Small group tour for max 25 people Our tour will go to all less touristy area of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay We have the…
30. Lan Ha Bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, Swimming at the pristine places
115
Cruising in Lan Ha bay Visiting pristine places in Lan Ha bay Do kayaking & Swimming at the Ba Trai Dao Beach Do biking…
$140
1
2
…
Showing results 1-30 of 1,298
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Go628771
3 contributions
A fun full on itinerary
Cozy Bay cruise is a great way to see Ha Long Bay. The boat itself has seen better days but our room on board was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was hot. You could lay on the bed and have a wonderful view of the bay from the window. It’s a full on itinerary and you do feel a bit like you’re on the tourist conveyer belt when you visit the caves. But they’re worth it - very impressive and it’s a huge cave system. But what really makes this trip is the hospitality and hard work of the staff and the excellent and abundant food. You do have to pay for drinks and they served some fancy cocktails. It will also depend on the group you’re with - we had a young backpacker crowd on our boat and we were by far the oldest. They were a lively lot and this made it very entertaining - especially watching those that wanted to perform karaoke. You also get to go kayaking and you get a cookery class! Mr Lee was our host and he was always polite helpful and cheerful. In my opinion this trip is great value for money. The only sad part is the amount of rubbish on the water. We did see one small boat collecting it but they need to keep this beautiful water clean for visitors and wildlife to continue to enjoy.
Read more
Review of: CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
Written March 8, 2024
Rebecca P
1 contribution
I wrote this review myself
A very fun trip. Highly recommend. Mr Lee was a great guide and very helpful and fun. Loved the cooking class by him. Thank you and see soon
Review of: Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
Never Again
What a DAY
Phong - Our tour guide was beyond amazing.

He provided a thorough iteneary as soon as everyone got on the bus.
He was very engaging with the crowd and kep it very entertaining.
I really enjoyed learning the history of Ha Long Bay and loved the legend.
I highly recommend this trip and make sure you get Phong as your tour guide
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
Written March 7, 2024
Daniel S
4 contributions
Thanks to Tim and the bus driver we had an amazing time!
We loved it.
Thanks to Tim who went above and beyond for all of us to make sure that we got an amazing experience. 1 day was enough for us. Picked us up at our hotel
Review of: Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
anandu a
Los Angeles, CA26 contributions
Halong Bay Great Tour
We booked a private tour with a group of friends on our cruise stop in halong bay. Didn’t know what to expect but we are so happy we booked this tour. Robert was amazing from start to finish, very communicative and responsive. He was extremely patient because the number of participants kept changing and he worked with us to put together a program that would maximize the time we had in port.
He met us at the pier and got us a magnificent boat, boat was new and spotless. We sailed through the beauty of the bay and also had a stop at the caves. The Thien Cung cave was truly magical and so beautiful. We also had the chance to kayak if we wanted to and also had the bamboo boat experience.
This is a really really nice tour but was made that much more special by Robert’s professionalism and attentiveness. Thank you so much for making a stay here very memorable and special, we really had a great time !
Review of: PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
Written March 3, 2024
Georg P
100% recommend this tour
Amazing tour! Perfect mix of activities and time to enjoy the stunning views! We were amazed how few other tourists we saw since Hang, our guide, knew exactly when and where to go to avoid the crowds. The food was crazy good, we‘ve rarely seen that big of a variaty for vegetarian food.
Big thanks once more to our guide Hang, who was always cheerful, helpful and explained a lot about vietnamese culture and the nature.
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
Written March 9, 2024
Nomad59618950794
Victor is the best! He is the reason we want to visit Vietnam again
Victor is abulutely amazing went far and beyond what he needed to do to make our experience memorable. He went out of his way to double check our hotels and day trips were all sorted out for each day. We have been around the world and never felt so safe and looked after. Victor thank you for everything!!!
Review of: Halong Pandora 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive, cave, transfer
Gek A
Halong Bay one day trip!
It was a great trip to halong guided by mr. sunny funny! i thought it was gonna be tiring for me to join a tour but it was a pleasant trip. recommended the trip leaded by mr sunny!
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
Cyril M
The best of all our trips in Vietnam
We absolutely loved the tour organised by Cat Ba Ventures. It was so much fun with jumping off the boat from roughly 5meters high and did some flips. The kayaking was phenomenal to see amazing stalactites and stalagmites in caves and serene lagoons. Hang was the best and also the highlight of our trip who made this trip special. It worths paying extra money than 32$!
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
Sara
Sydney, Australia1 contribution
Good experience
Jack cruise was a great experience. Everyone was very friendly and accommodating. Would highly recommend. Dragon was great :)
Review of: (All Inclusive 4-STAR) 2D1N Cruise with Le Journey - Ha Long Bay
Tourist60808340802
Amazing
Amazing experience. The service was excellent, so was food and views!!! Had an amazing time enjoying kayaking and swimming too. Highly recommend!
Review of: 3-Day Hanoi - Ninh Binh - Halong Bay 5 Star Cruise
Alun C
Falkirk, UK1 contribution
Ha Long bay trip from Hanoi
Fantastic trip. Would definitely recommend it. It was cloudy but still spectacular and the cave is amazing. The highlight of my trip to Hanoi.
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
Written February 28, 2024
marik444
Netanya, Israel35 contributions
Cruise in Ha Long Bay
We booked a 2 day excursion with Amanda cruise. It was a wonderful experience. There were none stop activities during 24 hours. Wonderful sites. Excellent food. The crew and especially Dan took wonderful care and looked in all the small details
Review of: (All Inclusive 5-STAR) Amanda Cruise 2 Days 1 Night - Ha Long Bay
Written March 5, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best hidden gems for boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat tours & water sports in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
$47
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
$110
29.
30.
Los Angeles, CA
26 contributions
Sydney, Australia
Falkirk, UK
Netanya, Israel
35 contributions
