Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Best Last Minute Hotel Deals in Halong Bay, Vietnam
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Last Minute Hotel Deals Halong Bay
View map
Last Minute Hotels in Halong Bay
Tonight
3/93/10
This Weekend
3/153/17
Next Weekend
3/223/24
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
Last Minute Hotel Deals Halong Bay
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Deals
Fully refundable
No prepayment needed
Properties with special offers
Price
$0 - $188 +
Price per night
Popular
5 stars
5
21
Breakfast included
27
Luxury
8
Property types
Resorts
B&Bs & Inns
+28
Hostels
+7
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
44
Pool
25
Free parking
37
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
40
49
51
Hotel class
4 stars
13
3 stars
7
2 stars
1
Style
Budget
3
Mid-range
26
Family-friendly
15
Brands
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Sheraton
69 of 474 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value

Ha Long Park Hotel
$24
View deal
Earn rewards for every stay
Booking.com
$16
Agoda.com
Vio.com
View all deals from $16 
34 reviews
#31 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…”
“Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence...”
Việt Hoang Hotel Hạ Long
$11
4 reviews
#32 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long...”
The Enchanted Hotel
$25
$18
1 review
#33 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Ha Long Dream Hotel
$56
Hotels.com
21 reviews
#34 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Halong Palace Hotel
$41
$33
$39
Trip.com
$38
View all deals from $33 
88 reviews
#35 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
“Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows...”
Halong Seoul Hotel
No fees just great deals
Expedia.de
ZenHotels.com
13 reviews
#36 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…”
“This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and...”
Mithrin Hotel
$31
TUI.com
View all deals from $31 
129 reviews
#37 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.”
Top Rated
Halong Pearl Hotel
$45
$47
$29
$44
View all deals from $29 
81 reviews
#38 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...”
“The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. ”
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
$23
#39 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…”
Bai Chay Panda Hotel
$60
$19
$30
View all deals from $19 
#40 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...”
Pusan Halong Hotel
Lol.travel
17 reviews
#41 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
“The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if...”
White Crown Hotel
$21
View all deals from $21 
10 reviews
#42 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...”
“First of all, this hotel is 2,5 not 3,5 . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the...”
#43 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...”
Galaxy Halong Hotel
lastminute.de
9 reviews
#44 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
“Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to…”
Ha Long 3 Hotel
$15
3 reviews
#45 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
“A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the...”
Bao Han Hotel
$27
#46 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…”
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
View all deals from $18 
2 reviews
#47 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Luxury Hotel
#48 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
#49 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
“It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...”
Ha Long Bay Hotel
$36
69 reviews
#50 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.”
“We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked...”
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#51 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...”
“Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there...”
Alova Cruises Boutique
$285
0 reviews
#52 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Tuan Chau HQT Hotel
#53 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Bach Dang Hotel
$26
#54 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
“Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door...”
Le Theatre Cruises - Wonder on Lan Ha Bay
$2,159
Earn rewards on eligible stays
View all deals from $2,159 
#55 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Gia Ninh Hotel Ha Long
$28
#56 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
#57 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Gate Tuan Chau
$13
#58 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Hoang Long Hotel
#59 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Hotel Emma
$22
#60 Best Value of 474 places to stay in Halong Bay
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Previous
Next
1234567
69 of 474 properties
Clear all filters
 
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large
imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence...
Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist
spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence...
The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long...
The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room
was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long...
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows...
Located on the main street, it has a huge and
bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows...
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa
before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and...
This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff
we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and...
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago.
Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely
staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room.
The exterior and room is bit run down. The
breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room.
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The
showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night
stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if...
The hotel is in the good location, near the night
market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience
the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
First of all, this hotel is 2,5 not 3,5 . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the...
First of all, this hotel is 2,5 not 3,5 . We
stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and
helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to…
Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby
Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to…
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the...
A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't
really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the...
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel
is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...
It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good.
The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third...
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures
I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked...
We stayed here for one night and had a spacious
room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked...
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted
Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there...
Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the
Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there...
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door...
Facilities in this hotel is old and not under
good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door...
2
4
6
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
