Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangMy Khe Beach
My Khe Beach
2,649 reviews
#8 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Beaches
Write a review
What people are saying
By Anny R
“Long stretch!”
Feb 2024
Lovely quiet long stretch of sandy beach!
By Ajay Arora ( Food N Travel Diaries )
“Beach life at its best”
Apr 2023
... coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the clean sand - just wonderful.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (2,915)
Top ways to experience My Khe Beach
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingTransfers & Ground TransportWalking & Biking ToursMulti-day & Extended Tours
Surf Lessons
24
Recommended
Surfing Lessons
from $38.00 per adult
Marble Moutain - Golden Bridge - Ba Na Hill via Cable Car from Da Nang or Hoi an
5
Full-day Tours
from $140.00 per adult
Da Nang & Hoi An: Food, Sightseeing, Culture & Hidden Gems
782
Food & Drink
from $130.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Best of Danang City & Hoi An Ancient Town from Chan May Port
1
Historical Tours
from $139.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
MARBLE MOUNTAIN, LADY BUDDHA STATUE & HAI VAN PASS, LAP AN LAGOON(Private Tour)
from $92.31 per adult
Marble Mountain & Monkey Mountains Private Tour From Da Nang or Hoi An city
Adventure Tours
from $56.42 per adult
Hands Body Massage 120 mins with Aroma Oils
Spas
from $33.00 per adult
Private Danang City Tour & Hoi An Ancient Town from Cruise Port
Luxury Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
1,576 within 3 miles
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
0.1 mi$$$$ • Seafood • Asian • Korean
Nem Restaurant
157
526 ft$$ - $$$ • International • Asian • Vietnamese
Sky View Restaurant
484
0.1 mi$$$$ • International • Healthy • Vegetarian Friendly
Attractions
89 within 6 miles
Phuoc My Beach
60
0.1 miBeaches
Bãi Tắm Phạm Văn Đồng
2
0.4 miBeaches
Dragon Bridge
5,905
1.3 miPoints of Interest & Landmarks • Bridges
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Viet Exquisite Travel
Hanoi, Vietnam46 contributions
A nice sandy beach but...
My Khe Beach is a really nice beach with soft & white sand, temperate waves. There are several food and beverage options along the scenic walkway. Maybe because the beach is close the city centre with lots of hotels & residential nearby, it is too crowded...
Visited September 2022
Written March 29, 2023
Magar
Brooklyn, New York3 contributions
Nice beach
The beach is kept clean and the water is crystal clear. There are also plenty of great restaurants nearby, making it easy to enjoy a delicious meal after a day of sun and sand. My Khe Beach is a great place to spend a day or two, and I highly recommend it.
Visited April 2023
Written April 20, 2023
Larry M
Vientiane, Laos1,387 contributions
Pretty beach on the DaNang shoreline.
Clean white sand beach with palm trees and mild waves. Picturesque panoramic view showing SonTra mountain awaits for shutterbugs. Beach usually crowded around 5pm after it cools down some.
Traveled as a couple
Written April 23, 2023
Ajay Arora ( Food N Travel Diaries )
Bengaluru, India2,058 contributions
Beach life at its best
Beautiful beach. We were staying in one of the hotels facing the beach and every moment was mesmerizing. Beautiful sunset with people hitting the water as early as 5.30, exercising, aerobics, zumba classes and more. In the evening with all the lights coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the clean sand - just wonderful. Life guards are always available and flags are raised to indicate when it's not safe for a swim.
Read more
Traveled with family
Written May 13, 2023
Ly0lik
202 contributions
The best city beach of Vietnam!
The best city beach of Vietnam! Really big and very clean (unlike other beaches). Here it is enough place for everyone, so no crowds. Luckily this part of beach os not popular among Vietnamese, so there are no people shouting karaoke, no smelly food and garbage. Comparing with other Da Nang beaches, this one is more developed with some bars and restaurants on the beach. It is really calm and peaceful atmosphere here. Highly recommend!
Visited May 2023
Written May 21, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
Beautiful and long beach
My Khe is the central beach of Da Nang city. It's a long and sandy beach, pretty wide. Many hotels line it, just across a busy street. There're many free parts, as well some where's a bar and where you can rent sunbeds. Water is shallow for long, usually with waves. Try to get up early one day before sunrise, as the beach is east oriented. Apart beautiful scenery of the rising sun, you'll enjoy many locals around swimming, practicing tai-chi, jogging, exercising.
Visited January 2024
Written February 1, 2024
Anny R
Singapore, Singapore60 contributions
Long stretch!
Lovely quiet long stretch of sandy beach! May be we came off season. It was really nice and quiet. The wind cool. Great to just chill. Refreshments sold along the beach.
Visited February 2024
Traveled with friends
Written February 5, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice beach
long beach
clean sand
fine sand
lady buddha
waves
parasailing
flags
vietnam
surfing
stroll
tourists
cloudy
4.5
Excellent
1,297
Very good
887
Average
377
Poor
Terrible
28
PappanMajumdar
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia280 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
One of the best beaches I have come across in South East Asia!!
Dec 2019
Our only pity is that we did not get enough time to spend at this beach. We were on a 2 day tour with Rubicon Tours (please see my separate review of them) at Da Nang. We covered this beach during our first day tour of Da Nang and Hoi An. We were on a tight schedule visiting Lady Buddha, Dragon Bridge, Con Market, Marble Mountain and then Hoi An (please see my separate reviews of each of them) and could only squeeze in 45 minutes in the afternoon here. Though we were staying right next to the beach at Stella Maris Beach Danang Hotel (please see my separate review of this place). We are a family of 4 (two daughters 9 years and 17 years of age).

First thing about the beach. It is very long 9 km long beach with the Lady Buddha on top of a mountain on one end and a series of luxury hotels and resorts on the other. In between is still a very long stretch of public beach area. And it is beautiful, neatly maintained and not very crowded. The sea water here is clean and you can easily take a dip without expecting any plastic and debris. Also, beach is flat and therefore, when you go into the water it is shallow for a long stretch making it ideal to take a dip without any danger. Secondly the sand is smooth and soft. Further there are not insects, crabs, etc. making all kinds of holes on the beach. So, ideal for kids to make sand castles, etc. The beach also has many areas which are shaded with beach lounge chairs with umbrella shade available on rent. Yes, the sun can be bright and hot in Da Nang. But, if you are lucky and the weather is cloudy and windy, then it is really very nice. We were very lucky as we got wonderful weather right in the middle of the afternoon.
There is a road which runs all along the beach which makes it very easy to access any part of the long public beach area. We didn't notice many activities like jet ski, para sailing, etc. I think there are very basic beach activities here. We could see public changing rooms available. But did not see too many shacks selling stuff. Have a feeling that shacks are not allowed to quite an extent here. All along the beach is a broad promenade with trees and sitting areas. We noticed waste bins all along which is a very nice thing. We also saw signs whether you are allowed to swim at that time at a particular stretch of the beach. All in all, it meant that this beach is well maintained by the govt and is well organised, clean. We were so impressed with the beach that we decided that the next morning we will come early in the morning to just sit and look at the sea for a moment of calm. But alas we just did not have the time as we were going to Ba Na Hills the next day again with Rubicon Tours and just did not have the time. So, my wife and I decided that next time we come to Da Nang we are firstly going to stay at a fancy resort on My Khe beach and secondly we are going to spend considerable amount of time there.
About Da Nang
- It is a beautiful city very unlike Ho Chi Minh City and Hanoi. In fact, we found these very crowded and not much to do. Instead Da Nang is a well spaced out and well planned city which is more modern and very touristy. There are lots of things to do here as you would have seen from my introduction to this review.
- The weather here is hot and humid. And it rains here very often quite heavily and continuously in December. In fact, our 2nd day in Da Nang got completely ruined as it kept raining for the whole of the first half of the day and we had a horrid tour of Ba Na Hills (please see my separate review of this place). So, please plan accordingly.
- You must visit Hoi An when you are in Da Nang. In fact, many people come to Da Nang because of Hoi An. Hoi An is something very unique. It is an ancient town which comes alive in the evening with thousands of lanterns being lit on every shop and establishment there. It also has many ancient Chinese assembly halls which are very well decorated.
- We made Da Nang our base instead of Hoi An. Hoi An is just 45 minutes by road from Da Nang. You will get ample amount of cabs to take you there at reasonable pricing. You can also book Grab (e-hailing) to take you there and back. We found it very convenient to stay in Da Nang and then travel over to Hoi An for the afternoon and the evening and come back by 9 pm to our hotel in Da Nang. We had a private car with a driver and a guide all through our 2 days in Da Nang as a part of the tour with Rubicon Tours. For us a afternoon and an evening was quite adequate in terms of covering Hoi An. Further, you have to come to Da Nang to visit the famous Golden Bridge @ Ba Na Hills which is again 45 minutes by road from Da Nang in a different direction. Also, the airport is located in Da Nang. So, our recommendation would be to make Da Nang your base if you are on a short visit.
- Da Nang is full of seafood restaurants which are quite huge. Also, you will find many spas here. We went to one which was very good - Tin Tin (please see my separate review of this place). It also has few local markets like Han Market and Con Market. We went to Con Market but found it pretty useless. Supposedly it caters to more local people and Korean, Chinese tourists.
- Grab (e-hailing) services are easily available in Da Nang. So, you will have no problem in moving around. And their rates are very reasonable compared to countries like Thailand, Malaysia and Singapore (in Vietnam the prices are cheaper).
- There is a very good Indian restaurant called Family Indian Restaurant in Da Nang (please see my separate review of this place). We had a wonderful lunch there in Day 1 of our stay in Da Nang. We would strongly recommend this place if you are interested in Indian food.
- Like every place in Vietnam, the people are very nice. They are clever people with a very good sense of humor. More importantly their service delivery is excellent, the best I have come across. Even better than the Indians I feel. It is great to see the people here so focused and so nice even after being ruled and plundered by western countries. I feel that Vietnam's time has come and with the right spirit of their people, they are going to rise rapidly. Tourism wise, I think it is the next big destination like Thailand was a few years back. This is a place to watch out for.
Written February 17, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Will P
Hertfordshire, UK40 contributions
3
3.0 of 5 bubbles
A nice beach-not the best
Sep 2019 • Couples
Reasons why it was a nice beach-
Golden sands
No stones
Warm water
Places to surf/swim/dip your feet in
Cheap drinks on beach- nice fresh coconut!
Reasons why it wasn’t a nice beach-
Lazy bas**** tourists who think they are too good to clear up their rubbish!
Waves are a little choppy!
Dirty (because of said lazy tourists!)
All in all it was a nice beach for our stay but I did get really annoyed with so many lazy people leaving their litter to float into the sea. Me and my wife cleared up loads of plastic floating into the sea and then we went back and few hours later and there were people eating and drinking and chucking their rubbish on the floor which then floated out to sea again- I couldn’t believe how many people don’t care about keeping our oceans rubbish free 😢
Written October 4, 2019
D. I.
23 contributions
Lovely View, But...
Mar 2019 • Couples
It is a lovely beach to spend a day in many ways. The view is especially nice, looking out to the left as Son Tra peninsula stretches for miles and miles. The sand is a nice light golden colour and not too hot on the feet. They generally keep it clean. It's safe. But here is the caveat: some people have mentioned how clean the water is. Definitely not! About every kilometer or so is a stream of raw sewage flowing right into the sea. This is what passes as a sewer system in Da Nang. I go there. I enjoy it. I don't swim in it.
Written March 7, 2019
TrailBlazer757405
70 contributions
0
Loved My Khe Beach
Mar 2018 • Friends
The beach is absolutely beautiful. The sand is super soft and although there is some garbage here and there, they have local ladies who come around collecting beer, pop and water bottles. Also you have an awesome view of lady Buddha.
Written March 9, 2018
ajeastwood
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam26 contributions
Beautiful Quiet Beach
Jan 2018 • Solo
I have been living within walking distance of My Khe Beach for 5 months and it is a really nice beach. It's actually pretty quiet up near Premier Village and Pullman, which is near to where I'm staying. Water is clear and warm during the Summer and most of Autumn. From the end of October to now the water is a bit cold due to the rainy season and the weather being quite cool. Just a note for people wanting to come here, don't bother during October to December as it rains all the time, and you really need long sleeves and jeans because the weather does get cold.
Written January 31, 2018
Dudley R
Hanoi, Vietnam6 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Superficial
Dec 2012 • Family
Like so much else in Vietnam, first appearances are misleading. For instance,the My Khe beach area looks reasonably clean but go one street back and there's a dramatic change: dumped household rubbish and building material litter the streets, pavements/sidewalks are unusable either because motorbikes fill pedestrian areas or because of cracked paving slabs and potholes. It's a nightmare if you have young children: being forced out into the roadway exposes them to the constant danger of brainless motorcyclists and some of the world's worst taxi drivers.
Written January 12, 2013
Leannie
Hanoi, Vietnam1,421 contributions
4
Beautiful quiet beach to enjoy
Sep 2022
Stunning clean and pretty much empty beach. Enjoyed a swim and chilling in the shade underneath a palm tree. A little wander further down and there was the option of hiring sun beds, but also places to buy cold beverages from to enjoy.
Written September 4, 2022
kido quang
Nha Trang, Vietnam31 contributions
Nice beach 🏝
Aug 2019
The beach is still natural. With white sand and not so high wave. People here still not making it become a business place so you can enjoying it.
Written August 17, 2019
Yuqiao S
Moraga, CA75 contributions
A beautiful beach, a quiet walk
Feb 2018 • Solo
This is a beautiful long beach with soft sand. The most amazing thing in my opinion is that for such a famous, good quality beach, there were not a lot of people when I visited it. So I took my time and slowly walked the beach, spent more than 2 hours there and it was super quiet super relaxing. A wonderful experience!
Written February 15, 2018
Elaine D
Derbyshire, UK29 contributions
Beach
Feb 2018 • Family
Clean beach,soft white sands, beachside bars are not overly expensive, if you want to use the sun beds you have to buy a drink. Public toilets are clean
Written February 8, 2018
…
6
7
Showing results 51-60 of 1,297
Also popular with travelers
2023
Son Tra Mountain
827
Mountains
Open now
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
The Marble Mountains
7,996
Mountains • Points of Interest & Landmarks
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
Caverns & Caves
DHC Marina
200
Marinas
Hot spring Park
59
Hot Springs & Geysers
Red Beach
81
Bãi Đá Đen
23
Riverside Park
12
Parks
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
My Khe Beach - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Lovely quiet
long stretch
of sandy beach!
... coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the
- just wonderful.
Tours & Sightseeing
Transfers & Ground Transport
Walking & Biking Tours
Multi-day & Extended Tours
$38.00
$140.00
$130.00
$139.00
$92.31
$56.42
$33.00
$149.00
0.1 mi
$$$$ • Seafood • Asian • Korean
526 ft
$$ - $$$ • International • Asian • Vietnamese
$$$$ • International • Healthy • Vegetarian Friendly
0.4 mi
1.3 mi
Points of Interest & Landmarks • Bridges
Hanoi, Vietnam
46 contributions
September 2022
Brooklyn, New York
3 contributions
April 2023
Vientiane, Laos
1,387 contributions
as a couple
Bengaluru, India
2,058 contributions
with family
May 2023
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
January 2024
Singapore, Singapore
60 contributions
February 2024
with friends
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
280 contributions
transparency report
Hertfordshire, UK
40 contributions
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
26 contributions
6 contributions
1,421 contributions
Nha Trang, Vietnam
31 contributions
Moraga, CA
75 contributions
Derbyshire, UK
29 contributions
