Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
cool_satchmo
Mumbai, India1,163 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Stay overnight here and not a day trip from Hanoi
Nov 2017 • Friends
While there are many day trips to Halong from Hanoi, I recommend staying overnight here. It is a long road journey from Hanoi and I recommend arriving here in the evening and either taking an overnight cruise or staying in one of the many reasonably priced hotels near the shore. The morning boat cruise is very good since it is cooler and you get back in time for lunch and can then drive back to Hanoi. The bay is spectacular with many beautiful islands and rock formations. There are several rock islands that have interesting names and it is a wonderful way to spend a few hours relaxing in a boat - must see on anyone's trip to Vietnam!!
Written November 12, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Kalampoki
Nottinghamshire, UK30 contributions
1
Amazing Cruise in a Breathtaking Location
Aug 2017 • Family
We were welcomed aboard the Junk ship by the friendly, helpful and attentive crew and served with a welcome lunch of Vietnamese delicacies all prepared and beautifully presented by their young aspiring Chef. We were then taken to a cave in which there were stalagmites and stalagtites. Towels, footware and polyethelene rain macks were provided. We were then taken kayaking then back to the Junk Ship for an evening of yet more culinary delights, a short film of the cruise, fishing and star gazing.
Written August 25, 2017
nathan s
Tacoma, WA66 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Unfortunately negative
Aug 2017 • Couples
I reluctantly write my first negative review. Ha Long Bay is a reminder of the devastating effects humanity has on the environment. After visiting a crowded cave with litter and construction we cruised through plastic filled water. We were let off to kayak through depressing waters with dead coral, plastic and styrofoam with a pearl farm nearby. I would highly recommend skipping Ha Long Bay and go to Cat Ba instead. It was more remote, cleaner, and more mellow. Don't get me wrong, this are as a whole can be beautiful and special but the specific Ha Long Bay Area, where the cruise ships anchor, leaves you to wonder what good the UNESCO certification does.
Written August 8, 2017
2globetrottingfoodies
Manchester, UK169 contributions
Superb!
Aug 2016
If you go to Vietnam a cruise around Halong Bay is a must. We spent 2 nights on the beautiful and traditional junk "Jasmine". The service, food and attention to detail was 5*+. The scenery was sublime!
Written July 30, 2017
Mark E
Birmingham, UK95 contributions
Stunning
Jun 2017 • Couples
I have done a separate review of Dragon Legend 2 who we did our 2 day one night trip with, which was booked through BestPrice.vn. Ha Long bay is stunning, the reason we booked Dragon Legend 2 is all other boats follow each other on a specied route so you can get 10 or twenty boats in view at any one time. DL2 goes on a completely different route no other boats come this way so you always have peace and tranquility to enjoy the stunning scenery. The DL2 also is only boat (I think) with swimming pool on board. The scenery during the daytime and sunrise and sunset is truly stunning and you get very close to the rock formations. The sea is very calm and is almost like a duck pond. A must see if in Hanoi.
Written June 21, 2017
kimmcfayden
Newcastle, Australia49 contributions
Very disappointed in the amount of rubbish in the water
May 2017 • Friends
We were last in Halong Bay about 9 years ago and it was a lot cleaner back then. This time we went kayaking and swimming and it was like swimming in soup - condoms, plastic packaging etc. Just disgusting! I really hope the Vietnamese government does something to clean the Bay up as otherwise they can expect to see a downturn in tourists. For this reason I won't be back.
Written June 5, 2017
Sally R
Leeds, UK51 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Similar visually to Tam Coc and Bai Tu Long
Stayed overnight on a boat but a day tour would be more than enough as the overnight boats only offer 12 hours on the water, 7 of which you are asleep!

Bai Tu long bay is part of the same area just with a different name and no overnight boats. Head there for a quieter more authentic sail. You won't be missing out on not visiting ha long bay because it is just another name for the same area!
Thoroughly recommend visiting Trang An near Ninh Binh to see karst from a more intimate characterful setting.
Written May 16, 2017
Roger J
Wellington, New Zealand12 contributions
Great Scenery but avoid GOLDEN BAY CRUISE!!
Apr 2017 • Friends
Ha long bay it self was beautiful. Great scenery and enjoyed the tour to Surprise cave, and beach, although over crowded. We mistakenly booked through another operator, rather than the one we were recommended (FANTASEA Tours) and chose to do a one night tour.
Our accommodation was good, complete with ensuite with hot water, and good pressure.
Lunch was good on the first day, whole fish, pickled vege, rice, tofu and cabbage. This unfortunately was my favourite meal. 500ml bottles of water were US$1 a bottle (24VND) which was normally 7VND, we were told nothing that was purchased from the ship could be consumed on the ship. If drinks or alcohol was bought on to the ship a duty would have to be paid.
In the afternoon we were taken to the Surprise caves. The ques were long , as there were many other tour companies arriving at the same time, this also occurred at the beach we visited.
The bar onboard, commence with happy hour over the duration of the tour, buy 2 get 1 free. The drinks were still cheapish (US$2/50VND but not in comparison to Hanoi town (10/15VND) wine was priced at US$30 and was TERRIBLE.
As part of the cost of the tour, we were told of a 20l keg was supplied for the paying customers. There was a clause, the "Free beer" was only for an hour. I found out from the tour guide, after an hour the beer was given to the crew. With that; I grabbed and empty 1.5l water bottle and filled this up before the hour was up, and shared this around once the keg was taken off us. ( apparently it was almost empty when they took it, and they werent happy)
Our tour guide tried to induce us to drink more by stating 'happy hour' was back on, and said you guys dont know how to "party". With that people were saying to him the drinks were expensive, why we had to pay US$1 for water etc. In the end, I think he was got annoyed about it and headed below deck.
our breakfast, was a rubbery fried egg, partially toasted bread, fried rice cake, and coffee. We were then told to "get off the boat" for a compulsory tour of a pearl farm. At the completion of the tour, we returned we conducted a "cooking class" , this was more like rolling up summer rolls for lunch, not actually cooking.
To sum it all up, the views were great the crowds werent, and this Company; Ha Long Golden bay cruise was the WORST!!
Top Tips;
Smuggle your own water and alcohol, keep it in your room.
Drink as much 'free beer' as you can, collect it in a large bottle (dont get caught)
Read reviews about other tour companies first.
I hope this helps.
Written April 28, 2017
Jewel236
Melbourne, Australia346 contributions
Overnight cruises will cease in 2020
Mar 2017 • Friends
There is so much competition on HaLong Bay for the tourist dollar, for both day trips & overnight cruises. Make sure you do some research beforehand to enable the best experience & value.
The Vietnamese government has declared that overnight cruises will not be permitted after 2020 (partly environmental but also driven by huge hotel development to ensure economic viability).
If this is on your bucket list, better get cracking!
Written March 24, 2017
jsthouston
Houston, TX6,192 contributions
Worth the trip
Feb 2017 • Couples
While it is three hours from Hanoi to the bay by car, and four if you're on a shared shuttle it is worth the trip if you spend a night on a cruise, or in a local hotel and do a day cruise. We did a two night cruise and I would say that the decision to spend that much time on the water depends on the weather at the time.
Written March 19, 2017
…
44
45
46
Showing results 441-450 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Mumbai, India
1,163 contributions
transparency report
Nottinghamshire, UK
30 contributions
Tacoma, WA
66 contributions
Manchester, UK
169 contributions
Birmingham, UK
95 contributions
Newcastle, Australia
49 contributions
Leeds, UK
51 contributions
Wellington, New Zealand
12 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
346 contributions
Houston, TX
6,192 contributions
