Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Alaska Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Cheap Alaska Cruises - Cruises to Alaska
United States  Alaska (AK)
Alaska
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
United States  
United States
Alaska (AK)
Alaska Cruises
Where to?
Departure Month
Search
Explore Ship‑tinerary™ pages
Select a ship to see ship details, reviews, photos and itineraries
Write cruise reviews
Share your opinion with our travel community
The lowest cruise prices
Search 70,000+ cruise deals from over sixty sites with just one search
Featured Alaska cruise deals
7 Night Cruise to Alaska
Ship: Norwegian Bliss | Suite
Sailing Date: 7/13/2024
Departs: Seattle
$6,399
$2,178pp
View Cruise
Ship: Eurodam | Suite
Sailing Date: 7/6/2024
$6,699
$2,729pp
9 Night Cruise to Alaska
Ship: Norwegian Jewel | Balcony
Sailing Date: 10/1/2024
$2,559
$1,057pp
Ship: Quantum of the Seas | Balcony
Sailing Date: 7/15/2024
$3,055
$1,304pp
Cruises to popular island destinations
Caribbean
Bahamas
Hawaii
Bermuda
Cruises to popular destinations
Asia
Europe
Africa
Canada
Cruises by length
3-5 days
6-9 days
10-14 days
15+ days
Cruise ship quick links
Cruise line
Cruise ship
View Ship
Cruising Guide
Why Cruise to Alaska?
The staggering natural beauty of Alaska is impossible to ignore. It’s hard to believe so many unique cruise ports are contained in a single state, but a voyage to Alaska by ship unfolds rugged mountainscapes peppered with wildlife and tiny, eclectic towns founded by gold prospectors.
Alaska cruises blend a mix of port calls with spectacular scenic sailing through Glacier Bay National Park or through other routes that also hold calving glaciers and potential whale sightings. The experience of watching the scenery from your cruise ship is just as rich as the stops it makes along the way.
In fact, many sites in Alaska – including its capital, Juneau – are only accessible by air or sea, making a cruise one of the best ways to explore the Last Frontier.
To make sure visitors by cruise ship don't miss the sprawling interior of the state, nearly every cruise line offers a variety of tours that can be added before or after your cruise. The most popular extensions include a visit to Denali National Park & Preserve.
On some Alaska itineraries, American citizens might not even need a passport (unless you are passing into the Yukon at any point, which is Canadian territory).
What are Popular Activities in Alaska?
The variety of shoreside tours in Alaska is second to none. Whether you take a helicopter tour to a dogsledding camp, learn about indigenous cultures or go salmon fishing like the local bears, excursions in Alaska are an unforgettable experience.
Active types will thrive with plenty of opportunities to hop in a kayak, hike and even ice climb. Passive activities can be just as thrilling, like the White Pass Summit scenic rail of Skagway or a whale-watching boat tour in Juneau. Alaska caters to all ages and activity levels meaning you don't have to break a sweat to see some truly awesome sights here, and to learn about their history in the process.
When is a Good Time to Cruise to Alaska?
Alaska is a seasonal destination, meaning cruise ships only visit for a few months out of the year due to harsh, long winters and ice blocking the waterways. The standard Alaska cruise season coincides with summer, beginning in May and ending in September. Some small adventure-style cruise lines run special voyages that depart as early as March and continue into late September.
The most popular time to cruise to Alaska is smack in the middle of July and August. The midnight sun shines in many parts of the state during the summer, meaning nearly endless sunny (or overcast) days. For savings on your cruise, consider a sailing at the beginning or end of the season.
The weather here can be unpredictable no matter the month; be sure to pack lots of light, waterproof layers. Days can get surprisingly warm, especially considering your activity level, while wind and rain on an outdoor tour can have you reaching for a hat and gloves.
What are Popular Ports in Alaska?
Glacier Bay is not a physical port, but due to its stunning scenery it's one of the highest-rated destinations in Alaska. The U.S. National Park contains glaciers, lush forests and is part of one of the largest protected biosphere preserves in the world, as well as a U.N. World Heritage Site.
Most sailings to Alaska follow the Inside Passage, or the southeastern "panhandle" around Alaska. Popular ports along this route include Skagway, Ketchikan, Juneau and sometimes Sitka (formerly Russian and the site of the purchase of Alaska). From Vancouver or Seattle, you will also typically call on the Canadian port of Victoria in British Columbia.
Where do Alaska cruises depart from?
Roundtrip Alaska sailings typically depart from Seattle or Vancouver, but also California cities like San Francisco. These sailings typically follow an Inside Passage itinerary.
Cruises also regularly depart from either Seward or Whittier, both Alaska ports accessible a short drive from Anchorage. These one-way sailings usually follow the Gulf of Alaska, also known as a cross-gulf cruise. These cruises might call on some Inside Passage stops, but also ports farther north.
Most cruisetours (sailings with a land component) will begin or end in Anchorage, where the primary and central airport is.
What are Tips to Find Cruise deals to Alaska?
Here are our best tips for finding a cheap cruise or cruise deal to Alaska. If you book a “guaranteed cabin” (they select for you), a cabin on a lower deck or sail on an older ship from a brand you like, then you can get the best price for a specific cruise to Alaska. Last minute cruises deals to Alaska appear as you get closer to the sail date, usually 1-2 weeks in advance. Taking a cruise to Alaska in the shoulder season (before or after the peak season) can also be a great way to find a cruise deal.
Find cruise vacation on popular cruise shipsView all
Adventure of the Seas
Allure of the Seas
Anthem of the Seas
Enchantment of the Seas
Freedom of the Seas
Harmony of the Seas
Liberty of the Seas
Mariner of the Seas
Oasis of the Seas
Carnival Breeze
Carnival Conquest
Carnival Dream
Carnival Elation
Carnival Glory
Carnival Liberty
Carnival Magic
Carnival Sunshine
Carnival Valor
Carnival Vista
Regal Princess
Royal Princess
Ruby Princess
Rotterdam
Oosterdam
Koningsdam
Celebrity Equinox
Disney Dream
MSC Seaside
Norwegian Bliss
Norwegian Breakaway
Norwegian Escape
Norwegian Getaway
Tripadvisor provides access to 70,000+ cruise deals by featuring prices for each cabin type offered on the largest selection of cruise sailings.
pp
View all
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
