Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
THE BEST Cheap Hotels on the Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
There are few Cheap Beach Hotels in Halong Bay, but we looked nearby and found some great options.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:BeachfrontHotels & MotelsCheap
2023
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10% discount.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver..."
"The massage they had in their spa-section was also really cheap and good btw!"
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
"Hello travelers, We searched for a beach resort at cat ba. The sunrise is a quite good choice, but it is a public beach. In the early morning and evening, the beach is crowed! The hotel makes advertisement with..."
Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
17.4 miles from Halong Bay
#50 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!"
"We came here with a two day tour and extended our stay in the resort by three nights. Ocean Tours is very well organised, so everything went smoothly. We went kayaking (day one, in Halong Bay) and cycling (day two..."
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
"I stayed here for one night with my friends, price of room is not cheaper than other 5 star resort. However, service was unbelievable, from reception to restaurant I would say for 3 star only. The way they talk and..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
23.4 miles from Halong Bay
#95 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
Matches:BeachfrontCheap
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Hotel Bai Tu Long
1 review
In Halong Bay
#44 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Matches:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Missing:Beachfront
Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
#77 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
Cat Ba Sea View Hotel
133 reviews
#25 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for one night before taking a dayboat cruise. It is a basic, family run place, very tired looking, in need of some TLC, right opposite the harbour. The window over-looking the harbour would not close..."
Hotel Phu Thanh
67 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Very basic hotel with balconies that look out on the bay and helpful staff. There is an elevator which is great since we were on the 8th floor. There is no food offered, but there are restaurants and cafes close by..."
"Very well priced and we had a lovely view with small deck which was lovely to enjoy a cold beer on. Unfortunately the beds were super firm. Like sleeping on a plank of wood. But other than that it was well located..."
Hoang Gia Minh Hotel
10 reviews
#41 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"10USD per night for a clean room with aircon, fans and two double beds is not bad. Even had sea view. Pillows was extremely comfortable; mayby the best bed in Vietnam (on our trip) - not hard as another reviewer..."
"We stayed a couple of nights in Cat Ba and paid about $14 per night for a clean room with a hot shower and a comfortable bed which we thought was good value for the money. The place is fairly modern inside and it..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
12.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:BeachfrontCheap
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Matches:BeachfrontHotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Best Seller
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My wife and I had a wonderful honeymoon, five-star service, delicious food, beautiful beaches and stunning views, bringing a resort experience beyond expectations."
"The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the beach swim and the pool swim both enjoyable."
Matches:Cheap
Missing:BeachfrontHotels & Motels
Pineapple Hotel
65 reviews
#18 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Stayed at Pineapple hotel for 3 nights on April 15th-17th, 2017 (solo traveler). This hotel is perfect for budget-travelers who spend much of their day on tours and hanging around Cat Ba island. It is less suitable..."
"Great hostel to crash for a night or two considering how it's value for money. A stone's throw away from the main streets. Could get almost everything you need from the staff here - bike rental, booking of day tour..."
Vien Dong
27 reviews
#47 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The hotel is fine and costed only 10 dollar per night. Big and clean rooms with a great view over Cat Ba harbour (including a balcony which we really enjoyed). The owner is a nice guy who is very flexibel. We stayed..."
"We (3 couples) spent there 2 nights. I really loved the location - we all lived in spacious rooms overlooking the harbour. Everything was quite plain but clean, and the manager was very friendly and helpful. And..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
2 reviews
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#105 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Located right infront of public beach (Bai Chay), so it can get pretty crowded sometimes, but we got both private space in the resort and fun with the public when we want."
"Especially that the beach is very gorgeous, look so stunning, and the sun here good too."
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay."
"Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from main beach but perfect services and clean, quiet !"
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
3.5 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The beach is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy."
"That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family."
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Catba Water Park Resort
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Beach Hotels
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Kovalam
A beach town on the Arabian Sea in southern India, Kovalam features three spectacular crescent beaches. The most popular and largest beach is Lighthouse Beach, aptly named for its 30-meter lighthouse, which features a stunning site - the Vizhinjam mosque. For a less crowded beach, visit Samudra Beach, with ample coconut trees and great views of the local fishermen at work.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Southern Leyte Province
Chelyabinsk Oblast
Buyukada
Savonlinna
Akyarlar
Samos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Matches:
Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10% discount.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver...
Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10%
discount
.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver...
The massage they had in their spa-section was also really cheap and good btw!
The massage they had in their spa-section was also really
cheap
and good btw!
Missing:
My wife and I had a wonderful honeymoon, five-star service, delicious food, beautiful beaches and stunning views, bringing a resort experience beyond expectations.
My wife and I had a wonderful honeymoon, five-star service, delicious food,
beautiful beaches and
stunning views, bringing a resort experience beyond expectations.
The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the beach swim and the pool swim both enjoyable.
The activities are great for a get-away, the massage was fabulous, the sauna was hot, the
beach swim
and the pool swim both enjoyable.
Located right infront of public beach (Bai Chay), so it can get pretty crowded sometimes, but we got both private space in the resort and fun with the public when we want.
Located right infront of
public beach
(Bai Chay), so it can get pretty crowded sometimes, but we got both private space in the resort and fun with the public when we want.
Especially that the beach is very gorgeous, look so stunning, and the sun here good too.
Especially that the
beach
is very gorgeous, look so stunning, and the sun here good too.
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay.
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the
, made for a very comfortable stay.
Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from main beach but perfect services and clean, quiet !
Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from
main beach
but perfect services and clean, quiet !
The beach is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy.
The
is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy.
That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
That is a great resort with
private beach
in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
