Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Castaway Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Castaway Island
View map
Hotels near Castaway Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Ha Long Bay, Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Castaway Island
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
791 of 1,927 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Castaway Island

121. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
80 reviews
Du_ng Ng_c Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000, Vietnam
3.3 miles from Castaway Island
#121 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…”
122. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
T_ 65, Khu 5, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.4 miles from Castaway Island
#122 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…”
Top Rated
2023
123. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Castaway Island
#123 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…”
124. Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
14 Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.7 miles from Castaway Island
#124 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
125. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#125 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
126. Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.6 miles from Castaway Island
#126 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
127. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#127 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
128. Ha Long Land Hotel
1 review
O A78 A79 Au Tau | Tuan Chau, Ha Long 01000 - 02000, Vietnam
#128 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
129. Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
G15, Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#129 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
130. Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company, Halong Bay 01000, Vietnam
#130 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
131. Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303, Vietnam
#131 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
132. Anh Duong Hotel
Ngoc Chau street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.5 miles from Castaway Island
#132 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...”
133. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area | Tuan Chau Ward, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Castaway Island
#133 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
134. Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
Loc Vung 1- Duong, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#134 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
135. Top One Halong Hotel
8 reviews
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Castaway Island
#135 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...”
136. Harmony Halong Hotel
2 reviews
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4, Ha Long 02033, Vietnam
#136 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...”
137. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
4.8 miles from Castaway Island
#137 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
138. Halong Bai Tho Hotel
19-21 Lan Tuong, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Castaway Island
#138 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
139. Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#139 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
140. Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
5.8 miles from Castaway Island
#140 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…”
141. Golden Palm HaLong Hotel
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina, Ha Long null, Vietnam
9.8 miles from Castaway Island
#141 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...”
142. Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
#142 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...”
143. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#143 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
144. Moc Tra Hotel
O 61 Khu Cang Tau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620, Vietnam
#144 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
145. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#145 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…”
146. Camellia Tuan Chau
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#146 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…”
147. Atlantic Hotel
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area | 842 048, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#147 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…”
148. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
Tuan Chau Island, Halong Bay 033, Vietnam
#148 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...”
149. Green Capital Hotel
No.38 Hai Truong | Hong Hai Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#149 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...”
150. Luxstay Hotel Ha Long
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 01110, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Castaway Island
#150 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...”
Previous
Next
1…34567…
Castaway Island
791 of 1,927 properties
Clear all filters
Du_ng Ng_c Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000,
The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
The resort is very good value for money. Good
location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
T_ 65, Khu 5
Halong Bay 200000,
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large
imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000,
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the
staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
14 Ngoc Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
O A78 A79 Au Tau
Tuan Chau
Ha Long 01000 - 02000,
G15, Ngoc Chau
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company
Halong Bay 01000,
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303,
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
Ngoc Chau street
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs
so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area
Tuan Chau Ward
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
Loc Vung 1- Duong
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area
Ha Long 200000,
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in
Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4
Ha Long 02033,
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and
supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
19-21 Lan Tuong
Ha Long 01000,
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Halong Bay,
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa
facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina
Ha Long null,
We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
We arrived very late on night, but the
receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad
weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
O 61 Khu Cang Tau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620,
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet
area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a
ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area
842 048
I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
I have to say that the whole area where the
cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
Tuan Chau Island
Halong Bay 033,
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's
the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
No.38 Hai Truong
Hong Hai Ward
We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
We booked one night in a two bed room with
windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward
Ha Long 01110,
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed.
The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
…
3
4
5
6
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
