Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
chillwills
Ottawa, Canada239 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
AST Halong Bay Tours
Nov 2013 • Family
Halong Bay is one of the most beautiful places on earth. No trip to Vietnam is complete without going there. We took a 2-3 star tour with AST. The guide, Hoi, was excellent. We booked through Hanoi Backpackers Hostel for convenience, although you can save 20% by doing it on your own. You should do 3 day 2 night if time permits. Cat Ba island was more interesting than bungalow option unless you want romantic atmosphere. Sadly, garbage abounds in the water and unless Vietnamese government steps in this place will be ruined.
Written November 7, 2013
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Penny G
Siem Reap3 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay Albatross boat cruise
Aug 2013 • Friends
We went on an overnight trip to see Halong Bay as a last minute booking at our hostel. We were met at our hostel to wait for the bus by a very pleasant representative of the company. There were only 4 of us on board and 6 staff so clearly the low season however the effort and consideration were not compromised. The tour guide Tri was excellent. His English, knowledge and attentiveness were really without fault. The food was fabulous and plentiful. From the experience we had I would recommend this organisation and certainly Halong Bay which was magnificent.
Written September 4, 2013
73HappyTraveler
Palm Beach, Australia64 contributions
Halong Bay - One of the Seven Wonders of the World
Aug 2013 • Couples
We took a one night trip to Halong Bay on board the Phoenix Cruiser. What a treat! It is an old boat, but luxurious and very comfortable. The staff on board couldn't have been friendlier or nicer to all the passengers. Especially our tour guide Hoa. Nothing was too much bother for her.
The food on board was 'to die for' and there was no shortage of it. Activities were planned for the duration of the cruise, but one could choose to opt out of the activities if they chose. A cooking demonstration that involved everyone, was held on the morning of our departure, and it was a lot of fun. All the passengers got involved and there were lots of laughs. I would highly recommend this particular boat and cruise. We'll be going again.
RooGoneWild
Berlin, Germany50 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Obviously a must see but don't expect too much
Aug 2013
The place itself is beautiful indeed - however the hundreds of boats that pass through it take a lot of the charm away.
The big question here is: one day trip or overnight? After hearing many bad things from fellow travellers (ancient boats, not enough space, don't let you drink own alcohol and of course the alcohol on the boat is massively overpriced and much more) we decided to do a day trip for 20$. The price was ok. 4.5h from Hanoi (obligatory stop in one of those selling places), 20min waiting on the jetty and then off we went. The boats were really old indeed. Shortly after leaving lunch was served (basic but quite tasty) and we arrived at the fishing village. Of course they wanted to charge you 100.000 donks more to paddle you around some tiny caves. Because it is always "pay extra" in Vietnam we refused to do it and then we were told we could use kayaks for free but that we "weren't aloud to go to the caves". Yeah right we did so anyway and nobody gave a s***. Afterwards we started moving around the big rock formations and this part was actually really nice and impressive. At last we visited two caves, one of them lit with lights in all colours (a bit taggy but still impressive) and back we went to the jetty. Back into the bus with the direction Hanoi (stop in another selling place) and after 4.5h we finally arrived.
So all in all the day trip is worth the 20$ but don't pay more (some people on our trip were charged 53$ for a "VIP luxury cruise" and ended up on the same boat) and if you don't want to get drunk on the boat with loads of 18-20 year olds maybe avoid the overnight trip.
Written August 31, 2013
Sarissa R
Singapore, null, Singapore53 contributions
Wonder of the World
Aug 2012 • Couples
Halong Bay is simply stunning. Everything about it is incredible. I'd only recommend a 1 night cruise because you can see it all in that time. Definitely see the "Suprising, Amazing Cave" or whatever they call it. It is both of those things! The water is bioluminescent, so at night you can toss water or rocks into the water and watch it light up like fireworks! I'd splurge on a balcony room so you can relax and enjoy the view while you cruise around. Just be sure to go in the summer when it's warm!!!
Written July 7, 2013
SonoranCowboy
Weston, FL53 contributions
If you go, choose this agency!
Jun 2013 • Family
Incredible place, of course. There are so many boat and agency options to make an easy choice that one can get easily frustrated in the selection process. We booked Indochina Sails 2D1N and were very pleased. It was low season, so we didn't experience all the issues related to excessive traffic. Great food, beautiful rooms and bathrooms. If you go, I highly recommend booking through Halongsapa Tours (online). All the superlative comments found about this agency and their husband and wife team are spot-on! I booked with them (after asking Ms. Cham for her pros and cons on the options I had researched). Upon arriving in Hanoi, several locals approached me and asked if I had pre-booked from the U.S., where apparently many people overpay. I found that Halongsapa had highly competitive, if not the best, local rates. I also did another day tour with them at approximately 50% of what was being offered by other local agencies! Apart from low prices, what really sets them apart is the total approach with their customers. After returning to Hanoi, they personally transported us to the airport the following day (free of charge), including a last minute tourist stop on the way that I requested. What is their key to success vs. other agencies? Low prices AND service. One afternoon before my tour I tried to find their office (don’t try!); they operate out of their house (I was warmly welcomed in), which allows them to keep operating costs (internet and phone line) to a minimum and pass on the savings (one could argue that these are not even incremental costs). And they clearly understand how superior customer service (and word-of-mouth) can drive a business. It is great to see how some entrepreneurs “get it” in economies that are booming under free-market policies like Vietnam. Don’t think twice…take it from this experienced traveler and go with Ms. Cham and Halongsapa Tours!!!
Written July 5, 2013
John H
Singapore, Singapore23 contributions
Paloma Cruise
Jan 2013 • Couples
Spent 2-days and a night on the Paloma - a 4-deck boat with about 16 rooms. This is a middle ot the range boat in terms of luxury. It's comfortable enough for a 2 or 3-day trip. It's very clean and a well-managed boat with a good captain and crew. It's run very professionally. They picked us up from our Hotel in Hanoi for the 4-hour journey to Halong Bay.

The boat is pretty steady, so for those who tend to be sea-sickish, this is great. Firstly the bay is well sheltered despite of it's size - believe to be more than 1,000 sqkm. The rooms are all ensuite (not all cruises in Halong Bay have this feature so ask if you don't want to end up sharing toilets).
The cabins are situated on the first and second decks. The biggest rooms are upfront and rear of the boat. We were upgraded to a Family Room which is actually a 3-bedder (a queen and a single) on the second deck of the ship right up the front of the boat. It has a spacious forward balcony with 3 sunchairs. The ensuite toilet was a bit crampy but this is not a 5-star cruiser - toilet, basin & shower.
All standard rooms have a window out to sea though the premium cabins are a little larger, comes with a balcony and some fruits and a bottle of red wine (Vietnamese).
The meals are not lavish but the food is great, usually about 5-6 different local dishes with the buffet breakfast. The tour included two lunches, one breakfast and one dinner. Drinks apart from coffee and tea are not include though they have a long happy hour where you get a free drink if you buy two. The cruise was quite enjoyable but winter is too cold to allow us to swin or kayak. The sky was also very much cloudy most of the time, so if you want sun and sea, Dec to Feb is not the time to come.
I strongly recommend you get in touch with the cruise directly instead of going through agents. Pick up the phone and call them; as they might be able to give you a discount or a free upgrade.
Written January 10, 2013
Simon A
London, UK2 contributions
Halongsapa tour - Calypso Cruise 2D1N
Oct 2012 • Couples
We booked our boat through Halongsapa tours (located near the lake in the old quarter) and were very pleased we did.
The trip to and around Halong Bay followed our trip to Sapa. The Calypso cruise was very nice. The cabins were spacious and clean with good facilities. The food was great and the scenery, caves, kayaking and karaoke were all fantastic.The bay itself was lovely. Yes, there are other boats, but you do not need to concentrate on them. The cruise is quite regimented, but in order to do so much, it probably needs to be.
Halongsapa tours proved to be excellent. They escorted us to trains, looked after our luggage, collected us, booked taxis for us, took us for breakfast... all in all much more than was expected! Both Cham and Tien were very friendly and we enjoyed talking to them.
If we were to go again, perhaps we would book the 3D2N option.
Written October 25, 2012
HalifaxGaz
Halifax25 contributions
Galaxy Cruise Halong Bay
I had wanted to take a trip to Halong Bay for a very long time, we decided to have this at the end of our holiday so we could relax after visiting Thailand and Cambodia.
The drive from Hanoi takes about 4 hours including a stop, but it is a good way to see the smaller towns and countryside on the ways. We did a 2-day 1-night trip to Halong Bay, organised by the Rising Dragon Hotel. This was not the junk we were supposed to be on but we had an excellent trip. We paid £120 for my husband and I. Also included in the trip was an excursion to the Surprise cave and fishing village, kayaking, fishing, swimming and teaching us how to make spring rolls. Our English-speaking guide was Victori and he accompanied us from the hotel and throughout the trip. The boat was clean and modern with sun lounger on the top deck; the staff were friendly and attentive.
The meals were delicious and huge with course after course. I could defiantly recommend this cruise company. The trip was everything I had imagined and more, fantastic scenery, and the chance to meet people from different countries and walks of life. Defiantly one of the best trips I have ever been on.
Written September 9, 2012
onelastwish
Turin, Italy603 contributions
Halong Bay - Do it yourself with low budget
Jul 2012 • Friends
Having a small budget, I bought a day trip in Halong Bay from Cat Ba Island, cost 22 USD lunch and kayak included.
I do not remember the name of the agency, but it was on the waterfront, near the Hoang Long Bus Agency.
One day on the boat in my opinion is enough, and you will see everything you need to see.
A bus picked me up at 8 am, and brought me to Ben Beo Harbour, where all the junks were.
My junk was not very nice, but I did not care, because I did not have to sleep on it.
No shade also, so maybe check before, and don’t forget something to protect from the strong sun
In the early afternoon a stop was made at the Sung Sot Cave. Later, the boats stopped also at the Monkey Beach
The landscape is really stunning, the day I was there not many boats, except close to Ben Beo and to the Cave. We stopped in a place for kayaking, and we were the only boat in the bay.
This is a must if you visit Vietnam, but I do agree with WanderlustV, and I also prefer the Krabi and Ko Phi Phi area, in Thailand.
I think it is worth to stay on Cat Ba another day, to explore the island a little bit, I am sorry I did not have the time to do so.
For people who instead want to take longer tours, I write here the prices the Cat Ba agency gave me:
- 2 days /1 nite tour – 60-65 USD (180 private only 2 people)
- 3 days / 2 niites tour – 110 USD standard tour, or 140 Vip tour (450 only 2 people)
Written September 1, 2012
1
…
38
39
40
Showing results 381-390 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Ottawa, Canada
239 contributions
transparency report
Siem Reap
Palm Beach, Australia
64 contributions
Berlin, Germany
50 contributions
Singapore, null, Singapore
53 contributions
Weston, FL
Singapore, Singapore
23 contributions
London, UK
Halifax
25 contributions
Turin, Italy
603 contributions
