Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Free Breakfast in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
44 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Best Seller
2. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#2 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"The complimentary breakfast provided by the hotel was a highlight."
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
3. Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
#3 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"was delicious at the free breakfast buffet.lovely"
"We spent our mornings walking the beach path after a full and included breakfast and spent a few beach and pool days in the sun when available."
4. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
#4 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
5. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#5 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Breakfast included, They had got two restaurant and a bar upstairs are nice."
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
6. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#6 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
7. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#7 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
8. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#8 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
9. Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
#9 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
10. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#10 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
11. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#11 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
"Very nice and cute hotel which has a beautiful coffee shop named Muse. The price is very reasonable. Highly recommended this place and must try the coffee shop in order to have a lot of beautiful pictures"
12. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#12 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
13. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#13 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
14. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#14 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
15. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#15 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
16. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#16 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
17. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
#17 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
18. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#18 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
19. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#19 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
20. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#20 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
21. Hera Hotel
#21 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
22. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
#22 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
23. Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#23 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
24. Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#24 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
25. Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
#25 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know the..."
"We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff..."
26. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#26 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i..."
"The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if..."
27. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
6 reviews
#27 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
28. Lake Hills Hotel Halong
1 review
#28 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
29. Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
#29 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
30. Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
#30 Best Value of 44 Halong Bay Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Popular destinations for Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Yangon (Rangoon)
Yangon (formerly known as Rangoon) is no longer the capital of Myanmar, but it has experienced a huge increase in tourism recently. Book early, as hotel rooms are sometimes hard to find! While you’re in town, the Shwedagon Pagoda, an immense, ancient Buddhist shrine, is a must-see—TripAdvisor travelers recommend visiting at sunrise or sunset.
Read more
Nara
Thirteen hundred years ago, Nara (then Heiju-kyu) was the imperial capital of Japan. "Old Japan" is still easy to spot here, from Great Buddha Hall to traditional ryokans and the serene Isuien garden. Travelers rave about walking tours of Nara, particularly in the historic Naramachi merchant area.
Manali
In Hinduism, Manu was said to have survived a great flood that destroyed the rest of the world. He then recreated mankind in this Kullu Valley town. What a rush, huh? No wonder the towering peaks and verdant terrain of Manali attracts adventure travelers, with heli-skiing, hiking, mountaineering and river rafting the favored active pursuits. Come down from your endorphin high by breathing deeply at the four-story, wooden Hidimba Devi Temple, which sits in the middle of a nearby deciduous forest, or take a medicinal soak in the hot springs burbling from the ground a 30-minute walk from town.
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Dead Sea Region
Follow the mineral-rich muddy footprints of Herod, Solomon and Cleopatra to the legendary Dead Sea and resorts developed round its adjacent hot springs. This famed health destination, at the world's lowest dry point, is known for helping with rheumatic and skin problems.
Hurghada
Stunning coral reefs and turquoise waters perfect for windsurfing have made Hurghada, on Egypt's Red Sea Coast, a busy resort town. Within easy reach of the stunning Giftun Islands and the Eastern Arabian Desert, Hurghada has seen enormous amounts of development in the past decade—and yes, it does seem overrun with tourists at times. But it’s a relatively easy beach escape for Europeans, and some of the world's best diving and snorkeling sites are just offshore. Walk or catch a cab to explore the old quarter, El Dahar.
Yercaud
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Kitchenette
Hotels with Restaurants
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
44
Hotels Prices From
$16
Hotels Reviews
5,387
Hotels Photos
6,603
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with complimentary breakfast
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with complimentary breakfast in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
44 of 474
The complimentary breakfast provided by the hotel was a highlight.
The
complimentary breakfast provided
by the hotel was a highlight.
was delicious at the free breakfast buffet.lovely
was delicious at
the free breakfast buffet
.lovely
We spent our mornings walking the beach path after a full and included breakfast and spent a few beach and pool days in the sun when available.
We spent our mornings walking the beach path after a full and
included breakfast
and spent a few beach and pool days in the sun when available.
Breakfast included, They had got two restaurant and a bar upstairs are nice.
, They had got two restaurant and a bar upstairs are nice.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
