Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
THE BEST Cheap Hotels on the Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:BeachfrontCheap
The Twin Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#25 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
The Marine Hotel
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#27 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Luxury Hotel
2 reviews
In Halong Bay
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
Savanna Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Bin Bop Hotel
#78 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Green Homestay
#31 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been..."
"Upon finding the homestay you are greeted by an amazing collection of Bonsai trees and clean walkways. From that moment the host made sure to make us feel right at home. The rooms are clean, the bathroom was..."
Ngoc Mai Hotel
#82 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Au Lac Resort
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had a..."
"We stayed here for a night (room 8607). It is a resort hotel on the island of Tuan Chau which is 12 km from Halong bay and is accessed by a causeway. Our room was in villa 8 directly up the hill from reception and..."
Ha Long 3 Hotel
#84 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi..."
"A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the..."
Anh Duong Hotel
3.7 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection..."
ATI Quan Lan Eco Resort
#87 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Sadly we had a terrible experience in a beautiful place. On arrival we were greeted with what felt like resentment from the staff. This followed by being woken at 5.30am by someone peeping through the holes made..."
"If a bamboo hut on a deserted beach on a remote island sounds like Nirvana, then the Quan Lan Eco Resort is the place for you. Getting to Quan Lan Island is an adventure in and of itself. There is a local ferry..."
Kenny Hotel
20 reviews
#88 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities are..."
"Located a bit far from Halong Bay itself, and seems to focus its trade on tour groups (like ours!). Fairly new hotel and caters for the digital age with power points everywhere! Unfortunately, the toiletries were..."
Vuon Dao
5 reviews
#89 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy about..."
"I visited Vietnam with my husband last month and we stayed at the Vuon Dao Hotel located in and around the Ha Long Bay. With quality accommodation at reasonable prices, we were able to enjoy an array of services..."
Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
#93 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD..."
"We booked an overnight stay here with my wife because it's just a walking distance from bai chay (where restaurants and souvenir shops are located). Our room have a small fridge, a CRT TV, a coffee table set..."
Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
#95 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the..."
"I have to say this is the worst we have stayed in so far. Bed is as hard as a rock,TV is small, air conditioning barely works. Bathroom-shower was ok but toilet was cracked around the bottom and didn't flush..."
Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with..."
"Firstly I would recommend the only reason why one would stay the night in Tuan Chau would just for transit between Hanoi or Hai Phong. In general I would recommend goof back to Hanoi or Hai Phong if possible and not..."
Island Pearl Hotel
#16 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned..."
Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
#99 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We..."
"This restaurant is recommended by our tour manager for cleanliness (health safety). He suggested we do not take chance with local food. We ordered beef, sweet and sour pork ribs, a cabbage dish. The beef dish is..."
Prosperity Hotel
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
#32 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago..."
Green Capital Hotel
#101 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night..."
"The horrible experience started with the try to get to the Hotel. The adress wasn't known to the taxi drivers of Ha Long City. After a trip through the half of the city the driver was able to find the hotel. So we..."
Camellia Tuan Chau
#17 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba ferry..."
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#103 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
#18 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels changed..."
"This hotel is very nice but somebody needs to train the staff. We walked into the foyez to find no receptionist and the staff playing cards. We had to interrupt their game to get someone to help us. We said: "Hello..."
The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
#106 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was..."
"Staffs are unfriendly, room is old. Buffet breakfast is main rice and tofu, and something.. it is not suitable for breakfast. Staying here only has view to see Halong park and Bay chai beach. == Never come back here!"
Blue Sky Hotel
#107 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do..."
"Context: stayed in the hotel on a staff team trip with a local company. Rates were clearly very cheap to handle our limited budget. So what could we expect? I only hoped for it to be clean. Result: My room was..."
Atlantic Hotel
#108 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it was..."
"As we were doing a Halong Bay cruise the next day I was looking for a cheap hotel to stay the night in. Regrettably, not checking on TA before booking was the biggest mistake ever. When we arrived it was dark and..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Beach Hotels
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Kovalam
A beach town on the Arabian Sea in southern India, Kovalam features three spectacular crescent beaches. The most popular and largest beach is Lighthouse Beach, aptly named for its 30-meter lighthouse, which features a stunning site - the Vizhinjam mosque. For a less crowded beach, visit Samudra Beach, with ample coconut trees and great views of the local fishermen at work.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Southern Leyte Province
Chelyabinsk Oblast
Buyukada
Savonlinna
Akyarlar
Samos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
