Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
Matches:Soundproof Rooms
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Anh Thuan Hotel 1
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
5 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#95 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"After 15 months of travelling through Australia and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed..."
"We had planned to stay for 6 nights here and was immediately judged from walking through the door. The man on reception asked what we were doing there? Very rude... Great impression to start off a hotel stay. He..."
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Cat Ba Green Mountain
2 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#71 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The hotel is Cheap and very clean, the included breakfast is great, the owners are so helpful and kind and they brought us with their motorbikes to the bus to hanoi, cause we nearly missed it, they were very patient..."
"We booked a room with views and we got a room facing directly to the building three meters in front of us. When we complained they said that was the room, because we could look down to the small dirty alley where it..."
An Tien Hotel
In Hai Phong
#83 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
Pham Ha Hotel
1 review
#121 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We arrived here under the impression there were services such as, massage, spa, fitness centre ect all listed online for this hotel. When asked which floor we could access these facilities we were told they didn’t..."
Cannon Fort Cat Ba Hotel
134 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main..."
Tan An Palace
8 reviews
#40 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Beautiful new hotel with excellent rooms and facilities. Staff were kind and breakfast was tasty. Really enjoyed our stay Would highly recommend. Good location. We stayed over night as our tour to ha long bay left..."
"Stay only 1 night and we found that the hotel is new. Breakfast is terrible. The room is nice but lack of many convenience things. Quite noise from the wedding in the ground floor. They full charge for late check..."
Smile Hotel
#59 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Great cheap hotel, very clean and a decent shower (not that easy to find). The hostess was very nice, good English skills and will help you in anyway she can. I definitely recommend Smile hotel to anyone and would..."
F & F Hotel
11 reviews
#47 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Good for an overnight Reception fine Clean and comfortable airport free shuttle is a lie 80.000 dong or a very short taxi drive 'In a nice area but few facilities around ; it otherwise there is nothing to..."
"Like the other reviewers, we only stayed here as it was close to the airport. We came here from our Halong Bay cruise as we were flying from HaiPhong airport the next day. We arrived in the afternoon and went for a..."
Green Hotel
#85 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The first time i stayed here was after a 20 hour long journey from Canada. I was totaly bagged out and needed a place to sleep with peace and quiet. After that i did book a room for my weddings best man to also stay..."
Quang Hung
28 reviews
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#57 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Good value vs price, excellent view in most of the rooms (facing the sea). Hotel is located in the Cat Ba's touristic area full of nice restaurants (try Tom's, you won't regret it). Bed could be a little bit softer."
"We had a nice spacious room with a balcony (big enough to fit 2 chairs and a table) facing the boulevard. We had room 303 and paid 9 dollar a night. Breakfast (included) was just right, you can choose between bread..."
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
3 reviews
#35 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
Pina Hotel Cat Ba
9 reviews
#24 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
Leu Vit Homestay Hai Phong
6 reviews
0.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"We had a fantastic stay here, so good we had to extend it. The room was just like the photos; very clean with everything you need. Check in/out was super easy and the location great. Very little noise from the road..."
"First, please read my review. As soon as I entered the room, I asked for a refund. The reason is that the toilet smells so bad. If you really want to make a reservation, get the biggest room. But I don't recommend..."
Enjoy Hostel
#84 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
Punt Hotel
19 reviews
#28 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Certainly there will be smarter hotels in the area - but for a basic, clean hotel with all the facilities you need this is a good choice - and certainly so when you consider the price it’s excellent value. We had..."
"We stayed for 1 night at Punt hotel. Our room was in a great condition: very clean, has a TV, AC, and a mini-fridge. Coffee/tea facilities (free) and other snacks (with a cost) were also provided. Staff were..."
Catba Island Hotel
47 reviews
#18 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We only stayed here 2 nights but would like to come back. The staff were really helpful with recommendations for places to eat and directions for places to visit. Room was clean & had everything we needed. Location..."
"This is no five star hotel, so please lower your expectations accordingly. It‘s a good place to stay. Very central and a really good price for value. We paid VND 200k a night and considering this price we had..."
Cat Ba Spring Garden Homestay
18.3 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba Town
"The property is absolutely gorgeous and the rooms are spacious and clean - nothing not to love! The staff were very nice and helpful. Unfortunately we didn't get to meet the famous Linda as she wasn't there, but she..."
"We really liked the staff at the home stay they were very welcoming and helpful. I would definitely recommend booking tours through the home stay, they know the best guides. Linda is so lovely, I left my suit behind..."
An Homestay
#28 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The bedroom was spacious, clean, and very modern. The food was delicious, and the view from the room overlooking the valley was beautiful. The hosts, a friendly and enthusiastic couple, had a good command of..."
"Very friendly and welcoming family. The food was great and they even made special food for me because I got sick. They invited me to a family trip to a special beach in cat ba. Overall great expierience, can’t..."
Victor Charlie Hostel
22 reviews
#34 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Check-in was smooth. The location is excellent. The room was a good size as was the bathroom. The room smelt damp but we couldn't see any visible mould. We booked a double room with mountain view however our..."
"We have been travelling around SE Asia for 4 months now and unfortunately this was one of the more disappointing places we have stayed. Yes, it was cheap so no complaints there, however compared to the standard in..."
Best Seller
Menrva Hotel
0.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"Had a short but great stay at this hotel. Location was excellent, right in the city center, and about 10 mins on foot to the train station. Room was nice and elegant while breakfast was simple but good."
"A perfect place for tourism and business. Quiet room and very near walking street , old opera , coach , station .... this is a center hotel . Staff were very nice ! And hlpeful. Will recommend friends ! Ps: if you..."
Cat Ba De Dita Hostel
22.9 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 3 Specialty lodging in Tran Chau
"This hostel was very worth the money, great price and beautiful views! The room was very nice and the people were very friendly, definitely book your stay here! Great price for your money, I very much recommend!"
Cozi Hotel
14 reviews
#43 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Clean inexpensive Hotel, paid 400,000 VND for 1 night. $18USD. Hotel staff was friendly and helpful. Reception assisted me to get taxi to Cat Ba Island. The room was quit and comfortable, the AC worked fine."
"Basic but functional accommodation located a stones through from the ferry terminal to Cat Ba Nature Reserve - 30k Vietnamese Dong in a taxi. In room stocked fridge, snacks, flatscreen TV, tea and coffee..."
Orchid Hotel
697.0 miles from Hai Phong
#44 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Before we arrived Linda, the manager, got in touch with us offering a wealth of local recommendations and offered to help with any and all booking and logistics. Upon arrival Linda provided information about the..."
"Perfect hotel!! Linda is just the best. She helped us with everything we needed, we are really grateful to her. It was our friend's birthday and she helped me to go and buy a cake as a surprise. 😊 The beds are..."
Nhat Anh Hotel
25.2 miles from Hai Phong
#36 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Really enjoyed our stay here. The young family who runs the place is very sweet and welcoming. Rooms are inexpensive, clean, with fan and hot shower. Location is central on the water front street close to..."
"I stayed here for 3 days in October. I was traveling solo so I booked a single room but when I did the check in they offered me a better room! The hotel is clean, it's located in a calm area but still very close to..."
Top Rated
2023
Lan Homestay
149 reviews
23.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We could not have asked for a better first stay in Vietnam. It was a serious trek getting to the village, but that was part of the fun. Chilly and everyone on staff were so helpful and kind. The homestay is..."
Galaxy Cat Ba Hotel Elite
16 reviews
#10 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The hotel has a beautiful, central location, near many delicious seafood restaurants and cafes, convenient for living and going out, especially at night. The hotel owner is friendly and prepares a delicious..."
"What a great experience for a bargain price! The staff were so friendly and helpful, always happy to answer questions and offer advice. The breakfast was a great way to start the day after a very comfortable and..."
Hoang Gia Minh Hotel
10 reviews
#41 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"10USD per night for a clean room with aircon, fans and two double beds is not bad. Even had sea view. Pillows was extremely comfortable; mayby the best bed in Vietnam (on our trip) - not hard as another reviewer..."
"We stayed a couple of nights in Cat Ba and paid about $14 per night for a clean room with a hot shower and a comfortable bed which we thought was good value for the money. The place is fairly modern inside and it..."
Hai Phong Tower
#71 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Just had an excellent stay here during an overnight trip to Hai Phong. Some highlights: - The location is perfect. A block from the train station, walkable to tons of stuff, and a 5-minute ride to most other things..."
"I booked a Room for myself and received a two bedroom apartment. It Is very good choice for fammilies who need a lot of room. Breakfast was i. Japanese restaurant on the top with nice view. Location of the hotel Is..."
Tuong Vi Hotel
4 reviews
#118 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Staff is friendly and helpful but dear god what is that smell?! It’s like stale cigarettes and dirty socks. They say there is no smoking but the room has an ashtray and matches soooo. The bathtub leaked everywhere..."
"Not a tourist hotel despite brochure. A commercial hotel that stirs from 6 am onwards with doors slamming ,chairs scraping ,washing machines and spindryers on full bore .Breakfast is provincial one dish only ,order..."
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
