Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Hospital Cave, Cat Ba
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Hospital Cave
View map
Hotels near Hospital Cave
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Hospital Cave
Popular
72
5 stars
12
Pool
56
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
134
Breakfast included
89
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
130
162
173
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
784 of 1,910 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Hospital Cave

121. Novotel Ha Long Bay
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
1,150 reviews
160 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
12.7 miles from Hospital Cave
#121 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...”
Top Rated
2023
122. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong | Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000, Vietnam
#122 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…”
123. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
72 reviews
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng | Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#123 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...”
124. Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
20 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#124 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...”
125. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
162 Halong Roa | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#125 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...”
126. The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
12.8 miles from Hospital Cave
#126 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...”
127. Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#127 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...”
128. A25 Hotel - Bai Chay Ha Long
1 review
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao | Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#128 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
129. Halong Centrica Hotel
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street, Ha Long, Vietnam
12.6 miles from Hospital Cave
#129 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...”
130. Seasun Hotel Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#130 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…”
131. Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
To 5, Khu 9, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#131 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…”
132. Marina Hotel
8 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street | 05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#132 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...”
133. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
12.9 miles from Hospital Cave
#133 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...”
Visit hotel website
134. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#134 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
135. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
43c Anh Dao | Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#135 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
136. Galaxy Halong Hotel
15 Tien Ong Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#136 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...”
137. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#137 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
138. Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
Ha Long Rd, Halong Bay 2140, Vietnam
#138 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.”
139. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
Dong Hung Thang Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#139 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…”
140. Zo D'boutique Hotel
28 29 30 Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#140 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…”
141. Bin Bop Hotel
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#141 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
142. Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
Dong Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#142 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...”
143. Bao Han Hotel
Phan Boi Chau, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#143 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…”
144. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#144 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
145. Kenny Hotel
13, Block 8, Cai Dam, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#145 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…”
146. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#146 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.”
147. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#147 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...”
148. Bach Dang Hotel
10 reviews
No 2 Ha Long, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#148 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
149. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#149 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
150. Halong Diamond Hotel
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#150 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...”
Previous
Next
1…34567…
784 of 1,910 properties
Clear all filters
160 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 200000,
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the
hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
Peninsula 3, Marina Halong
Halong Marine Boulevard, Hung Thang Ward
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 2000000,
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and
tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one…
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng
Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ
Ha Long 200000,
Great experience liked the facilities they have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
Great experience liked the facilities they
have Good view from rooms Swimming pool facility is great Have the mini mart to buy grocery items which reduces the stress of finding things near around Community pool...
20 Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful
and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
162 Halong Roa
Bai Chay Beach
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely
staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Lo 9 D. Hoang Qu_c Vi_t
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
Everything was excellent! The room was spot on,
with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice . Top choice. Glad to have...
No 7 Block 20 Eastern Hung Thang St
This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
This four star hotel, is part of one of the
larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also...
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao
Bai Chay
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street
Ha Long,
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel
like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The
showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
To 5, Khu 9
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and
clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know…
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
05 Lot 20, East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Bai Chay
Ha Long 01119,
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
The lobby of hotel is very luxury.My room is nice
The view from hotel room is unbelievable. Looks out over the bay and city. Staffs are very kind and helpful expecially receptionists.The whole place are here keep...
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard
Halong Bay 20000,
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was
seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
43c Anh Dao
Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long
15 Tien Ong Street
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities
in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
Halong Bay,
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
Ha Long Rd
Halong Bay 2140,
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures
I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
Dong Hung Thang Road
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like
that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at…
28 29 30 Thuy Tung
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good
breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai
Dong Hung Thang
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy –
‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
Phan Boi Chau
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel
is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
13, Block 8, Cai Dam
This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
This hotel is not so far with night market. The
problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
Hoang Quoc Viet Road
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago.
Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one
there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
No 2 Ha Long
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4
We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
We arrived at this hotel with not very high
expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
…
3
4
5
6
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
