Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Lounge
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Lounge in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Executive Lounge Access
Matches:Executive Lounge Access
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
Menrva Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3 reviews
0.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"Had a short but great stay at this hotel. Location was excellent, right in the city center, and about 10 mins on foot to the train station. Room was nice and elegant while breakfast was simple but good."
"A perfect place for tourism and business. Quiet room and very near walking street , old opera , coach , station .... this is a center hotel . Staff were very nice ! And hlpeful. Will recommend friends ! Ps: if you..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Executive Lounge Access
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
589 reviews
In Hai Phong
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
2023
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
811 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
27.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently..."
"Very good hotel. Great value for money and rooms are nice. The tour we booked through the hotel was good and the manager was really helpful. I would definitely recommend this place if you go to cat ba."
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
23.6 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting..."
"Basic, budget friendly hotel in a great location near lots of restaurants, bars and the waterfront. Staff were exceptional in helping us get to Cat Ba, with tour recommendations and anything else we needed for our..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack..."
"Such a yummy hotpot here!! Nice casual vibes and the staff are lovely and fun. Great Christmas energy ⚡️⚡️ Wide variety of food, drinks and cocktails on the menu as well, would definitely come back in the future."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
20.5 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Xuan Dam
"Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of..."
Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
#17 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and..."
"Fantastic room on the 4th floor! Good AC and nice hot shower! The beds are comfy but like the other reviews have said the pillows are a bit hard, we jus used a jumper as well as it was fine! The owner is so lovely..."
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally ok..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Green Homestay
19 reviews
21.5 miles from Hai Phong
#18 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch..."
"What a fantastic stay! The rooms were very clean with modern appliances (including in the bathroom). The A/C worked very well and the pool was clean and very nice to hang out in. The real highlight is the owner and..."
Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
#12 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a..."
"We stayed 3 nights at the Cat na Violet Hotel. Our host made us feel very welcome and helped with booking our scooter. She even arranged a vegetarian breakfast for us. The room was clean and very big. We can..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Catba Tropicana Homestay
17 reviews
#20 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed..."
"We felt very comfortable in this homestay. It is simple, but very comfortable and clean with good beds. A beautiful beach is close. The host, Tien is a very kind and helpful person and we felt relaxed. He gave us..."
Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#21 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me a..."
"My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature..."
Venus Hostel
15 reviews
#23 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of..."
"We stayed for 2 nights at Venus. Jack was very helpful and friendly like other reviewers have said. He helped us book a 1 day tour of ha long bay + lan ha bay which I would recommend (the company he uses was the..."
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
#27 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Hotels with Lounge nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Lounge
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Seoul
Seoul is the business and cultural hub of South Korea, where skyscrapers tower over Buddhist temples. Take it all in from the N Seoul Tower, built atop a peak in Namsan Park. The teahouses and shops of Insadong give you a taste of Korean flavor, which you can further experience with a visit to the grounds and museums of Gyeongbokgung. UNESCO World Heritage Site Changdeokgung Palace is a fine example of authentic ancient architecture.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Sydney
Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary Art. The views from the Sydney Tower Eye observatory are epic – use this chance to get to know the layout of the city from high above.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with lounge
What are the best hotels with lounge in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that have a family room?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
