Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Kim W
Perth, Australia5 contributions
4
5.0 of 5 bubbles
V’spirit 2 day 1 night trip to Halong bay
Jan 2019 • Family
We were a bit dubious as to if we should do the “ Halong bay” trip as some reviews I had read did not sound appealing. We chose to go for a 2 day 1 night trip aboard the V ‘ Spirit, as almost all the reviews were great. I have to say this was a highlight of our trip. From booked to communication and pick up from our hotel we could not fault the staff, very friendly and funny. The boat was older but clean and better than expected, the room small but adequate, the only complaint was the bed was hard, but hey it’s one night. We had the most magnificent 10 course lunch absolutely delicious. Followed by a brilliant trip into the magnificent caves and a hike. There were a lot of other boats but that is to be expected. All and all we had a fantastic time.... this cruise is really value for money the food well above a 3 star boat... thank you V spirit for a great trip
Written January 28, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Argiepee
Suzhou, China87 contributions
1
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Not too impressed
Dec 2018 • Family
Couple of my friends and our kids went to Hanoi for a short Christmas trip and booked a day tour for Halong Bay. It was on a weekend which prolly is part of the reason that ruined the fun. Just from the port itself, it was crowded with boats and cruises, which was pretty amazing in a way in how they pushed themselves in and out of the dock. The package tour was not too bad, as meals were included during our boat ride. It was a little hazy that day but I can imagine how beautiful that place once has been. We had couple of stops which included a cave, a bamboo ride, and a quick beach stop. We sat on the beach while the 2 kids are on their swimsuit playing sand castle. I could only imagine how beautiful that place used to be as it is now flooded with tourists and I could barely had a moment of silence to myself. Tourists coming in and out like buzzing bees and instead of sitting there in admiration of the place, I sat there thinking how humans abused nature for money. There are just too many tourists to really appreciate the place and it was impossible to take a picture of the scenery without people in the background. I would say Halong Bay is now overrated.
Written January 6, 2019
Heng How N
Singapore, Singapore7,464 contributions
2D 1N cruise
Nov 2018 • Friends
A UNESCO world heritage site in northern Vietnam and about 170km away from Hanoi, or 4 hours by car/coach.
A beautiful sea panorama with thousands over limestone islands and islets covering 1,500 sqkm.
The boat is Halong Legeng by Legacy Legend Cruises and has 18 cabins. It starts to cruise out of HaLong and later follow with lunch on boat with quite spread of pork, fish, vegetable and seafood. First activity is swimming and hiking 245 steps to the mid of the hill on Ti Top Island. After that followby afternoon tea with fruits. Learn Viet food cooking about 6:45 pm and follow by dinner.
Next morning the first activity is 6:20am for 15min Taichi excerise by the ship captain. 7:00am is simple breakfast with fruits salad, bread with butter, strawberry and egg, coffee or tea. 7:40am go for cave visit and has to walk up to the cave with 3 chambers. The last chamber is the biggest and the most ineresting up to your own imagination. Later back to the ship and cruise another 2 hours with lunch on board near the port. The cruise end by noon.
Written November 18, 2018
cmtraveler91
Singapore, Singapore18 contributions
0
Incredible scenery
Nov 2018 • Couples
One of the most beautiful places in the world to visit with unbelievable views. Don’t just do a day tour. It isn’t worth the travel time to get there from Hanoi. Definitely worth staying overnight on one of the cruises to catch the gorgeous pink and orange sunset over the islands.
Written November 4, 2018
Marina V
Turin, Italy13 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Shame ..floating garbage EVERYWHERE !
Aug 2018 • Family
How can it be that nobody clean it ? I post some pictures i have taken last week while on the cruise with Bellezza. I Guess the pictures talk by themselves. no comments !
Written August 16, 2018
Richardstar
Brisbane, Australia63 contributions
3
Such a shame..
Aug 2018
This place is beautiful. The rocks, the formation, the bay. It’s stunning.

But.. it’s ruined.
Halong Bay is situated in the North of Tonkin, right near the Chinese border. That means the “morning haze” that our guide was talking about at 3pm was actually thick air pollution drifting down from China. You could hardly see the rock formations in the distance. I’d imagine on a clear day, this would look stunning, however, there is then the plastic and other contaminants in the water. Whether from China or Vietnam, who knows but there is a lot of it. The bay is over crowded with boats. The smell of diesel exhaust fumes fills the air. The one and only man made beach is over crowded, filthy and full of jelly fish. Take me back 100 years before humans destroyed this magic place. I was really unimpressed. Don’t bother.
Written August 1, 2018
angelablake53
Hobart, Australia133 contributions
Ruining a World Heritage Area
Apr 2018 • Friends
We are on a three day two night Cruise on Ha Long Bay and are having a great time.
Then we noticed one of the boats sweeping rubbish off the bottom deck into the water. COULD NOT BELIEVE IT!!!!
This is my fourth visit to this beautiful World Heritage Area, and 20 years ago, we jumped off the boat and swam in the clear water, but wouldn’t think about it now with all the stuff in the water, bottles, plastic bags, a rubber glove, even a large piece of polystyrene.
The name of the offending boat is V’Spirit Classic, we took a photo as we were extremely unhappy about the amount of rubbish in the water, we actually assumed it was the tourists themselves doing the littering, definitely not the boats.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS
Written April 25, 2018
world-wide-Jenni
Steinhausen, Switzerland133 contributions
Overrun by tourists and dirty
Mar 2018 • Couples
People are offered either a day trip or a 2 day/ 1 night trip on the boat to see Halong Bay.
We did the second option and we went to a beach and did a small hike on the first day and went to see a cave in the second day. Both places were awfully touristy, too crowded, toilets super dirty and discusting and everywhere plastic swimming in the ocean.
Facit:
My advice - don't bother to visit Halong Bay, it's dirty and overrun by tourist boats that spoil the natural environment! It's very sad hopefully the government will take some action here soon.
Written March 15, 2018
Erika
Caracas, Venezuela9,856 contributions
Very dirty and for old people
Jan 2018 • Couples
The bay is ok but nothing special. The attractions are mostly for old people and the air is super poluted you can barely breath
Written January 17, 2018
Lorraine C
Taupo District, New Zealand61 contributions
A magical 2 days tour with Dragon Gold Cruises - and Vanesa from C-vietnam...!
Nov 2017 • Couples
My husband and I were lucky enough to have won a trip to Hanoi and we were also determined to tick off our Bucket List a wish to visit Ha Long Bay!
We could not have done it without the assistance of Vanesa from C-Vietnam Tours! [Thu Ly Lu'ong] ...Vanesa - you were wonderful...! Your knowledge of both Hanoi [and we will review that at a later stage] and Ha Long Bay, and what was available both time and dollar wise was truly amazing: Your company is sooo lucky to have you honey :-).
Vanesa organised everything for us...all we had to do from our end here in New Zealand, was to provide her with dates when we could travel from our hotel in Hanoi - and what price structure we were looking at: The communication was excellent right the way through and before we go any further - it was such a pleasure to actually meet up with you prior to leaving your beautiful country!
Ha Long Bay! is quite simply - beautiful; before we even got there we had some fun and games with the tour being a little later than usual but this was because the US president - trump - had a motorcade thru Hanoi so all streets were closed: This would have played havoc with both tourists and those travelling to the airport....no matter ....once we were on our way with a busload of 18 we passed through the most intriguing and fascinating countryside. I want more time to do this on the next visit!
We arrived in Ha Long Bay - glorious weather too, and were tendered out to the Dragon Gold Cruise ship....met with drinks and then lunch and finally - on our merry way! A 'league of nations' with 22 different nationalities on board.
Highlights of this 2 day trip included a cooking session, making our own Spring Rolls, a magnificent dinner, visiting the Sung Sot Caves complete with stalactites and stalagmites.. and a looong trek UP and back down again! Again - I would very much like to revisit the caves....a word of warning? do NOT drink a couple beers before doing this trip :-) it's a very long way to the toilets!
Titop Island was the evening visit and in the sunset, sitting on the beach, one had to pinch oneself that we were really truly THERE!
Morning! and what a glorious calm and warm morning! breakfast and off to do some kayaking....LOVED it all...!
A visit to the Pearl Farm [I do love pearls!]....and finally we cruised back to port itself in Ha Long Bay before the 4 hour drive down to Hanoi......
I will include some of the photos taken but the one thing we HAVE to do is say the biggest ever, the 'HUGEST' thank you to Vanesa at C-Vietnam!
Without you and all your assistance, and your knowledge - it would not have been the same!
A thousand thank you's Vanesa and Dragon Gold Cruises for making a dream come true!
Written January 7, 2018
…
43
44
45
Showing results 431-440 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Perth, Australia
5 contributions
transparency report
Suzhou, China
87 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
7,464 contributions
18 contributions
Turin, Italy
13 contributions
Brisbane, Australia
63 contributions
Hobart, Australia
133 contributions
Steinhausen, Switzerland
Caracas, Venezuela
9,856 contributions
Taupo District, New Zealand
61 contributions
