Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Tripadvisor Hotels
Cancel or change Tripadvisor booking
Unless you booked a Tripadvisor Plus rate using your Plus membership, Tripadvisor is not a party to the booking. If your booking is a Tripadvisor Plus booking, you can cancel it in the Bookings section of your profile, or call our Tripadvisor helpline for further assistance.
For any other booking, Tripadvisor helps connect you with the online travel agency, independent hotel or hotel chain that you booked with, but any cancellations or changes to your reservation need to be made through the appropriate booking partner. You can go to the Bookings section of your profile or check your confirmation email, where you will find a phone number and appropriate contact information for assistance.
Keep in mind that if you have cancelled a reservation with one of our booking partners, those changes may not always appear in your Tripadvisor account. You can always confirm the cancellation by checking the booking partner's site, or contacting them directly for assistance. 
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Cancel my vacation rental booking
Go to your Inbox and open the payment receipt for the booking.
Cancel my Plus hotel reservation
You can cancel your reservation through the My Bookings link in the menu under your member avatar at the top right corner of the page.
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
Unless you booked a Tripadvisor Plus rate using your Plus membership, Tripadvisor is not a party to the booking. 
If your booking is a Tripadvisor Plus booking, you can cancel it in the 
Bookings
 section of your profile, or call our Tripadvisor helpline 
for further assistance.
For any other booking, Tripadvisor helps connect you with the online travel agency
, independent hotel or hotel chain that you booked with
, but a
ny cancellations or changes to your reservation need to be made through the appropriate booking partner. You can go to the
 section of your profile or check your confirmation email, where you will find a phone number and appropriate contact information for assistance.
Go to your
Inbox
and open the payment receipt for the booking.
You can cancel your reservation through the
My Bookings
link in the menu under your member avatar at the top right corner of the page.
