Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Dong Thien Cung, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Dong Thien Cung
View map
Hotels near Dong Thien Cung
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Dong Thien Cung
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
793 of 1,929 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Dong Thien Cung

Top Rated
2023
1. Paradise Suites Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
949 reviews
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000, Vietnam
1.9 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#1 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…”
2. Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
14 Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
1.7 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#2 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
3. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
2.1 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#3 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
4. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
Du_ng Ng_c Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000, Vietnam
#4 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…”
Highest-rated hotel within 1.9 miles of Dong Thien Cung
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
5. Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
G15, Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
6. Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#6 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
7. The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
O So 1, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…”
8. Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
1 review
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company, Halong Bay 01000, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
9. Ha Long Land Hotel
O A78 A79 Au Tau | Tuan Chau, Ha Long 01000 - 02000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
10. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area | Tuan Chau Ward, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
2.0 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#10 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
11. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
No 9, Ha Long Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#11 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...”
12. Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
13. Lantana Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
E409, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...”
14. May House Hotel
Ha Long Street | TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
2.5 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#14 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...”
15. Anh Duong Hotel
Ngoc Chau street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
1.8 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#15 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...”
16. The Enchanted Hotel
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
17. Savanna Hotel
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
18. Green Suites Hotel
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road, Ha Long, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
19. Ha Long Essence Classic Hotel
L_c V_ng 1, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...”
20. The Twin Hotel
Ha Long Road | TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
21. De Charm Ha Long Hotel
19 Th_y Tung | Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
22. La Dolce Vita Hotel
Loc Vung 1-15 | Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
23. Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
8 Halong Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…”
24. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
2.6 miles from Dong Thien Cung
#24 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
25. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#25 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
26. Moc Tra Hotel
O 61 Khu Cang Tau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
27. Camellia Tuan Chau
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…”
28. Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
#28 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...”
29. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
30. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#30 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Dong Thien Cung information
Hotels Near Dong Thien Cung, Halong Bay
There are 946 Hotels close to Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay
Hotels Near Dong Thien Cung Reviews
There are 11,078 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Dong Thien Cung Photos
There are 17,037 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
1.68 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Dong Thien Cung
Do any hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have a pool?
Popular hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay that have a pool include:
Citadines Marina Halong - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay?
Some of the best hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay are:
Paradise Suites Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel - Traveler rating: 3.5/5
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay:
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay:
Novotel Ha Long Bay - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay are romantic?
These hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Wyndham Legend Halong - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay:
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Oakwood Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay are good for families?
Families traveling in Halong Bay enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Dong Thien Cung:
Do any hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay have a casino?
These hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay all have a casino:
Royal Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Ha Long Dream Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay allow pets?
These hotels near Dong Thien Cung in Halong Bay generally allow pets:
Merit Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Dong Thien Cung
793 of 1,929 properties
Clear all filters
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000,
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the
staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
14 Ngoc Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Du_ng Ng_c Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000,
The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
The resort is very good value for money. Good
location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
Highest-rated hotel
G15, Ngoc Chau
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
O So 1
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the
4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company
Halong Bay 01000,
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
O A78 A79 Au Tau
Tuan Chau
Ha Long 01000 - 02000,
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area
Tuan Chau Ward
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
No 9, Ha Long Street
Bai Chay Ward
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most
amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303,
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
E409, Sun Premier Village
Ha Long 200000,
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine.
The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Ha Long Street
TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer
service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
Ngoc Chau street
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs
so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673,
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road
Ha Long,
L_c V_ng 1
Ha Long 01100,
The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
The hotel is very clean and the staff are
friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
Ha Long Road
TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
19 Th_y Tung
Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy
Loc Vung 1-15
Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay
Halong Bay,
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last
year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
O 61 Khu Cang Tau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620,
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a
ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad
weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet
area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
3
4
5
6
…
Citadines Marina Halong
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel
Paradise Suites Hotel
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
- Traveler rating: 3.5/5
Novotel Ha Long Bay
Wyndham Legend Halong
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Oakwood Ha Long
Royal Halong Hotel
Ha Long Dream Hotel
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
Merit Halong Hotel
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
8
9
10
11
13
14
15
16
17
18
21
22
23
25
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
