Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Minh Boutique
270 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#71 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
Số 5 Nguyễn Cao Luyện, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (591)
Traveler
(533)
Room & Suite
(91)
Dining
(49)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.6
Cleanliness
4.9
Service
Value
4.7
MINH BOUTIQUE - TROPICAL FOREST We are Minh Boutique located in heart of Da Nang. With unique architecture, covered by green trees, green space, and fresh air. We are a best choice for relax. Whoever you are, visit Minh Boutique to listen peacefully your soul.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Free breakfast
Bicycles available
Walking tours
Airport transportation
Photo copier / fax In business center
Show more
Room features
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Desk
Dining area
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Bath / shower
Room types
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Boutique
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 95 out of 100
95
Da Nang Airport
3.2 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.4 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
77 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
6 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
5 min
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
4 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
15 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
Phuoc My Beach
60
Beaches
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
2 min
KaHoLi store
12
Speciality & Gift Shops
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Minh Boutique Hotel stands out as a tranquil oasis with its prime location near the beach and local attractions, as highlighted by numerous guests. The hotel's commitment to cleanliness is evident in its modern rooms, which, along with the attentive service, deliver great value.

Visitors frequently commend the serene atmosphere, enhanced by the koi pond and lush greenery. The rooftop pool and well-equipped rooms are popular amenities that contribute to the hotel's appeal, although a few guests have noted occasional lapses in room cleanliness and amenities.
Convenient
Atmosphere
Serene
Rooms
Comfortable
Reasonable
Meticulous
Helpful
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
270
5
Q+A
6
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 256
Very Good 9
Average 4
Poor 1
Terrible 0
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(270)
English(132)
Vietnamese(68)
Korean(31)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewskoi fishabsolutely stay here againbeautiful hotelnearby restaurantsquiet arealocal foodwalking distance to the beachlocation is greatswimming poolbreakfast buffetphoaccommodationstravietnamgrabkindnessenglishmotorbikelaundryhoims
Sort by:
Most Recent
Anny R wrote a review Feb 2024
Singapore, Singapore60 contributions4 helpful votes
+1
Just like home
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours, the clitter clatter of the staff preparing breakfast. Not too disturbing though but just expect silence. The cock will crow at dawn too!
Read more
Date of stay: February 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
1 Helpful vote
Share
Mrudvi wrote a review Dec 2023
4 contributions3 helpful votes
Good but misses out on a few basics
While the boutique hotel looks beautiful it lacks the basic amenities. Bathroom is extremely small and surprisingly they have the wash basin outside the bathroom- something I’ve never seen. The hot water barely runs for 7-8 minutes before getting completely cold. On the plus side the staff is very cordial and helpful.
Date of stay: December 2023
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Gabe K wrote a review Dec 2023
3 contributions1 helpful vote
Great massage!
This was a very lovely massage! I got the Thai massage with Qua. Qua did a fantastic job and was extremely nice. I highly recommend booking here! The hospitality was excellent in a very relaxing environment with kind people.
Lennu wrote a review Dec 2023
Jyväskylä, Finland22 contributions4 helpful votes
Amazing 3 nights in most beautiful boutique hotel
Just amazing small boutique hotel. Most beautiful design, very helpful staff, great breakfast, comfortable beds, clean rooms. And a nice Koi pond in the middle of the lounge! Try their omelette, was the best one yet in Vietnam. Stayed here for 3 nights on a north-to-south tour of whole Vietnam.
Shu Wen wrote a review Nov 2023
Singapore, Singapore1 contribution
Felt like home!
This place felt like home to me. It was my first time travelling to Vietnam hence having the receptionists take care of me as a solo female traveller was very heartwarming. Phoebe was assigned to me as a local friend who communicated to me via Whatsapp on my needs (such as car booking/ food recommendations/ room service/ massage suggestions). I literally just explored Da Nang and Hoi An without an itinerary and when I am hungry or feel like checking out a different place, Phoebe would share her recommendations for my consideration. If you are a solo traveller, I recommend you just rest your mind and let them suggest how you should explore the city. Room was cozy and clean, something I was very particular about. Breakfast selection was minimal but local food was tasty (they…
Date of stay: October 2023
Vic wrote a review Nov 2023
Torrejon De Ardoz, Spain10 contributions
Modern hotel with pool with amazing staff, close to the beach, and tasty breakfast
The people working at the hotel were very nice, helpful and attentive. The rooms were clean, comfy, and with a modern touch. Breakfast was delicious, and with different options. The hotel has a rooftop pool, and a beautiful interior pond with fish. The beach is only 5 minutes from the hotel. 100 % recommended if you're spending a few days in Da Nang. :)
Date of stay: November 2023
Iman L wrote a review Nov 2023
6 contributions
Excellent stay
The hotel made our trip in Vietnam. The customer service is excellent and the architecture of the hotel is so relaxing and zen. We definitely loved it! The location is great yo get quick acces to the beach and the ancient town of Da Nang!
Carla E wrote a review Oct 2023
4 contributions1 helpful vote
Okish hotel, nice staff
Nice small hotel, close to city center. Very friendly and caring staff. Bedsheets were little dirty and also the room (especially the floors) were not very clean (dead worm in bathroom and kitchen sink) and dirty cups. Pool only has two daybeds, no other chairs. Also only accessible via stairs. So not suitable for handicapped people. Staff was very very nice. I stayed for one night. That was ok, but wouldn’t stay longer. Also due to night club next door it is quite noisy.
Lizbeth W wrote a review Sep 2023
Los Angeles, California10 contributions
Serene oasis and near the beach
Beautiful wooden architectural details from the outside entrance to the reception area are the first thing we noticed. We were warmly welcomed with cold tea and coconut biscuits by the serene koi pond. Our garden view rooms were very comfortable and thoughtfully laid out. We liked the clean modern aesthetic in the wooden chairs and handles in the bathroom area. The sink was a beautiful granite bowl. Enjoyed the piped in music and bird sounds. You control the volume or can turn it off if you don’t want to listen to it. Looking down into the interior garden from our 5th floor rooms was special. We enjoyed swimming in the lovely rooftop infinity pool each day. Breakfast was delicious with many choices of Vietnamese food. Western egg choices and toast were also available. Also…
Date of stay: September 2023
Jenny B wrote a review Aug 2023
Aberdeen, United Kingdom9 contributions7 helpful votes
A decent stay
Overall this was a good hotel ill broken down the good and bad bits below: Good: You get someone looking after you throughout your stay. They give you a WhatsApp no and you can message for things you need etc. This is a brilliant idea! Phoebe is amazing, she looked after us. She went above and beyond. Whatever you are paying her, she needs a raise. The staff were very helpful and cheery! It is down a side street so pretty quiet Pool was lovely Decoration is really nice and bed was comfortable Bad: I think the hotel recycles water which is great but this means that was this constant pump sound outside are room. Throughout our stay it was driving us mad and interfered with us sleeping. The breakfast was more Asian based which is expected as we are in asia but we skipped it most…
Date of stay: August 2023
2 Helpful votes
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$41 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
24
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
MINH BOUTIQUE $47 ($̶8̶2̶) - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews - Da Nang, Vietnam
Frequently Asked Questions about Minh Boutique
Which popular attractions are close to Minh Boutique?
Nearby attractions include Sky 21 Bar (0.2 miles), Phuoc My Beach (0.2 miles), and Mystery Bar & Lounge (0.07 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Minh Boutique?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Minh Boutique?
Top room amenities include a kitchenette, a minibar, and air conditioning.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Minh Boutique?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at Minh Boutique?
Yes, free parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to Minh Boutique?
Conveniently located restaurants include Nem Restaurant, Sky View Restaurant, and My Casa Tapas Bar.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Minh Boutique?
Yes, guests have access to a pool during their stay.
Does Minh Boutique have airport transportation?
Yes, Minh Boutique offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at Minh Boutique?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at Minh Boutique?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English and Vietnamese.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(591)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.2
mi
42.4
min
4
2
256
9
1
0
All languages
(270)
English
(132)
Vietnamese
(68)
Korean
(31)
Anny R
Singapore, Singapore
60 contributions
4 helpful votes
Date of stay:
transparency report
Mrudvi
4 contributions
3 helpful votes
3
Gabe K
3 contributions
1 helpful vote
Lennu
Jyväskylä, Finland
22 contributions
22
Shu Wen
1 contribution
This place felt like home to me. It was my first time travelling to Vietnam hence having the receptionists take care of me as a solo female traveller was very heartwarming. Phoebe was assigned to me as a local friend who communicated to me via Whatsapp on my needs (such as car booking/ food recommendations/ room service/ massage suggestions). I literally just explored Da Nang and Hoi An without an itinerary and when I am hungry or feel like checking out a different place, Phoebe would share her recommendations for my consideration. If you are a solo traveller, I recommend you just rest your mind and let them suggest how you should explore the city. Room was cozy and clean, something I was very particular about. Breakfast selection was minimal but local food was tasty (they
Vic
Torrejon De Ardoz, Spain
10 contributions
10
Iman L
Carla E
Lizbeth W
Los Angeles, California
Beautiful wooden architectural details from the outside entrance to the reception area are the first thing we noticed. We were warmly welcomed with cold tea and coconut biscuits by the serene koi pond. Our garden view rooms were very comfortable and thoughtfully laid out. We liked the clean modern aesthetic in the wooden chairs and handles in the bathroom area. The sink was a beautiful granite bowl. Enjoyed the piped in music and bird sounds. You control the volume or can turn it off if you don’t want to listen to it. Looking down into the interior garden from our 5th floor rooms was special. We enjoyed swimming in the lovely rooftop infinity pool each day. Breakfast was delicious with many choices of Vietnamese food. Western egg choices and toast were also available. Also
Jenny B
Aberdeen, United Kingdom
9 contributions
7 helpful votes
7
Overall this was a good hotel ill broken down the good and bad bits below: Good: You get someone looking after you throughout your stay. They give you a WhatsApp no and you can message for things you need etc. This is a brilliant idea! Phoebe is amazing, she looked after us. She went above and beyond. Whatever you are paying her, she needs a raise. The staff were very helpful and cheery! It is down a side street so pretty quiet Pool was lovely Decoration is really nice and bed was comfortable Bad: I think the hotel recycles water which is great but this means that was this constant pump sound outside are room. Throughout our stay it was driving us mad and interfered with us sleeping. The breakfast was more Asian based which is expected as we are in asia but we skipped it most
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
