Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Son Tra Peninsula Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Son Tra Peninsula  Son Tra Peninsula Hotels
Son Tra Peninsula
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang
Son Tra Peninsula  
Son Tra Peninsula Hotels
Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#29 of 55 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
Bai Bac, Tho Quang, Son Tra, Danang city, Vietnam Sontra Peninsula, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Visit hotel website
00 1 877-859-5095
E-mail hotel
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (10,738)
Traveler
(10590)
Room & Suite
(1732)
Dining
(899)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hotel direct offer!Book Direct & Save with IHG One Rewards
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.7
Cleanliness
4.8
Service
Value
4.4
Celebrate sunshine and seclusion at one of Vietnam's most spectacular beach resorts. Retreat into a world of unspoiled nature, set on our private bay, with creative architecture that marries local heritage with world-class design. Experience culinary artistry at La Maison 1888, led by three-Michelin-star Chef Pierre Gagnaire, soothe your body and soul at Mi Sol Spa, and indulge in every moment as our team crafts the perfect experience, grounded in Vietnamese hospitality.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Game room
Babysitting
Show more
Room features
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Private beach
Additional bathroom
Desk
Coffee / tea maker
Cable / satellite TV
Walk-in shower
Room types
Mountain view
Ocean view
Bridal suite
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Romantic
Family
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Russian, Chinese and 3 more
Hotel links
Special Offer:Book Direct & Save with IHG One Rewards
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Da Nang Airport
8.7 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.3 mi
See all Son Tra Peninsula rental cars
See all nearby hotels
54 Restaurants
within 5 miles
View on map
Citron Restaurant
916
3 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Barefoot restaurant
174
2 min
Mediterranean
La Maison 1888
548
$$$$
French
Son Tra Retreat - Garden Lounge & Eatery
74
3 mi
Vietnamese
See all nearby restaurants
15 Attractions
Da Nang Local Tours by Hung Le Travel
194
3.1 mi
Boat Tours
3D Museum Art in Paradise Danang
318
4.5 mi
Art Museums
Lady Buddha
4,505
2.5 mi
Points of Interest & Landmarks
Linh Ung Pagoda
536
1.5 mi
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a picturesque setting, the InterContinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort is celebrated for its opulent atmosphere and luxurious amenities that offer a harmonious blend of comfort, culture, and elegance. While the rooms receive accolades for their comfortable design and breathtaking views, a few guests have mentioned challenges with lighting and accessibility.

The resort's cleanliness and attentive service consistently earn high marks, and many travelers regard the value received, particularly for breakfast and club access, as fitting for this upscale experience.
Picturesque
Atmosphere
Inviting
Rooms
Comfortable
Reasonable
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
World-class
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
6,534
148
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 5,858
Very Good 464
Average 116
Poor 53
Terrible 43
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(6,534)
English(4,124)
Korean(960)
Vietnamese(667)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsla maisoncitron restaurantlong poolsky levelthe club loungeairport loungekids clubprivate beachbarefoot restaurantcable carheaven levelnam trammonkey mountainson trarain showerf bphoinfinity poolseafoodmonkeyscitrusarchitecture
Sort by:
Most Recent
globe2trvl wrote a review Mar 8
Toronto, Canada33 contributions
Fantastic stay at this elegant resort with picturesque views & attentive staff *****
We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its infinity pool & picturesque ocean views, top-rated local fusion and French cuisine at Citron and La Maison 1888 restaurants, and of course their friendly and knowledgeable staff who are always courteous and helpful to assist with our various activities & dining reservations -- we thoroughly relished this romantic getaway/journey of healing at Son Tra Peninsula. High praise to our private villa host Randy for his attentive & efficient service, restaurant staff Harry & Tan (plus the diligent gentleman on 'monkey patrol' around Nonla outdoor tables area:), Hong the…
Read more
Date of stay: February 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
RosalieFoodie wrote a review May 2023
San Jose, California77 contributions
+1
Hotel's Favorite
Styles, from sea to heaven
During our stay at the Intercontinental in Danang, Vietnam, we booked a classic with ocean view room which was absolutely fabulous. The room was huge and came with a very glamorous bathroom and a massive balcony that offered spectacular views across the bay and the South China Sea. The resort itself is stunning, stylist, set on a cliffside with breathtaking views over the sea. The architecture is amazing and the scent of lemongrass adds to the exotic vibe of the place. The staff are extremely helpful and the hospitality is exquisite. Check in & Check out was done swiftly by Nhi & Vy. We really enjoy our conversation with these two beautiful and personable staff. Our butler service was Huy/Jasper - he has such a pleasant smile and very personable. The location of the resort…
Date of stay: April 2023
1 Helpful vote
Response from InterContinental Danang, General Manager at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
Responded Jul 15, 2023
Dear RosalieFoodie Thank you so much for taking the time to leave a glowing review of your recent stay at our resort. We're thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your experience with us and that our team was able to provide you with the level of service and comfort you deserve. We have shared your recognition to the whole team who definitely our heart of the resort. Your kind words mean a lot to us, and we're grateful for your feedback. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back to our resort in the future. Warm regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Maps61761323724 wrote a review Mar 8
2 contributions
Heaven in Danang
We had a few hiccups with our booking as IHG members but was quickly rectified upfront n check in. We decided to celebrate a milestone birthday and it has filler my cup. So grateful for the kindness here. We were given a stunning room in heaven and is absolutely beautiful. Highly recommend for a family holiday
Date of stay: March 2024
용섭 김 wrote a review Mar 7
1 contribution
Finding wonderland and heroes in Danang intercontinental sun peninsula hotel
The fantastic location, very unique concept building and rooms with wonderful landscape, and hilghly warm, friendly and active manner from all the staff in every hour were excellent. Never forget memories were made it by hotel heroes. Thanks to all of your heart~
Uyen D wrote a review Mar 1
Must place to go- Only in Vietnam
It’s a very wonderful experience. I definitely love this resort they care about every single thing of their customers which no place can do! They have a perfect service that you MUST try in your life! The driver we have at the beginning pickup provided us alot of information and history of the intercontinental Da Nang and he was so friendly. Room service is a surprise for me. They gave us a unforgettable memories Thankyou Intercontinental Da Nang for a extremely perfect- excellent service!
Response from InterContinental Danang, Owner at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
Responded 1 week ago
Dear Uyen D, I'm thrilled to hear about your fantastic experience at our resort! It's wonderful to learn that our team truly went above and beyond to make your stay memorable. We're glad to hear that the driver and room service added to your enjoyment. Your kind words will surely be appreciated by the staff. Thank you for sharing your positive feedback and we look forward to welcoming you back for another memorable vacation. Warmest regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
tamara o wrote a review Feb 2024
Da Nang Intercontinental hotel 5 star bliss
This is my second time in one year to visit the Intercontinental in da Nang Vietnam. It is an exceptional property, and I would be happy to come again, and encourage others to do the same. The service and the smiles are everywhere, and they are very attentive and quite helpful and courteous. The food was quite good and the room is exquisite and details are not overlooked. I look forward to coming back again and sharing my. recommendation with others.
Dear tamarao974, We are thrilled to hear that you had such a positive experience at our resort once again! Your kind words about the exceptional service, delicious food, and exquisite room are truly appreciated. It's great to know that you plan on returning and recommending the resort to others. Thank you for sharing your recent experience, and we look forward to welcoming you back for another memorable vacation. Warmest regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
Natalie wrote a review Feb 2024
Must visit!
The architecture of the hotel is breathtaking! Everything is beautifully crafted, and the cable car was so fun! Love the theme of diving different levels of the hotel in different element. Citron was so yummy, everything was fresh, staff was beyond friendly. We were there for my mom's birthday, they gave her a surprise birthday cake, everything was so thoughtful. Definitely recommend and would love to visit again if I come to Da Nang again!
Responded 2 weeks ago
Dear natalie c, We were delighted to read your kind review of your recent stay at our resort. We strive to provide our guests with the best possible experience, and we're thrilled that we were able to meet your expectations. Thank you for choosing our resort, and for taking the time to share your feedback with us. We look forward to welcoming you back soon. Best regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
Footloose007 wrote a review Feb 2024
Perth, Australia10 contributions
Fantastic holiday resort with fantastic people
This is without question, the most outstanding resort in Vietnam from my experience. Above all as a compliment to our Beach front villa. We were offered the services of our personal butler, Ly Le who not only made our holiday for us but anticipated every need and every wish we would want on this wonderful holiday celebrating our 50th anniversary. Without doubt she will create a lasting memory for us of our wonderful trip to Vietnam.
Dear Footloose007, We are thrilled to hear that your recent stay at our resort was made special by the excellent service you received from Ly Le. It's wonderful to know that she went above and beyond to ensure that you had a memorable experience. We will make sure to share your kind words with her and the rest of the team, who will be delighted to hear about the positive impact they had on your stay. Thank you for choosing our resort for your vacation, and we hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back soon. Warmest regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
Explore03092683591 wrote a review Feb 2024
thank you!
it was a wonderful time at citron with toan le as a server! would recommend to ask him for photogenic photographs, his skill was beyond imagination. our family had an amazing lunch with great view. we would like to visit again.
Dear Explore03092683591, Thank you for taking the time to share your positive experience at our resort, and for your kind words about Toan Le. We are delighted to hear that he made such a positive impact on your stay. Our team takes great pride in providing exceptional service, and we are thrilled that Toan Le was able to deliver on that promise. We will be sure to share your feedback with him and the rest of the team. Thank you for choosing our resort for your vacation, and we look forward to welcoming you back in the future. Warmest regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
Shawn X wrote a review Feb 2024
San Francisco, California2 contributions
Can't wait for our next visit
We had an amazing stay in the resort, spending 2 nights in one of the magnificent villas. We had the pleasure of having Krystal as our host, who took great care of us, satisfying all of our asks, big and small. Our stay in the resort can't be the same level without her standing by 24x7. The villa is totally worth the extra price, with lounge access (exclusive breakfast, afternoon tea, cocktail hours), special perks, private pools, etc. We've already decided to come back next year as a bigger family in summer, when Krystal mentioned we'll have chance to snorkel right on resort's beaches.
Dear Shawn X, Thank you for your recent review of our resort, and for recognizing the outstanding service provided by Krystal. We are proud to have her on our team, and it's wonderful to hear that she made such a positive impact on your stay. We will be sure to share your feedback with her and the rest of the team, who will be encouraged by your kind words. Thank you for choosing our resort for your vacation, and we hope to have the opportunity to serve you again in the future. Warmest regards, Seif Hamdy General Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Son Tra Peninsula area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$541 - $720 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa NangSon Tra Peninsula
NUMBER OF ROOMS
189
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
INTERCONTINENTAL DANANG SUN PENINSULA RESORT - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews (Son Tra Peninsula, Vietnam)
Frequently Asked Questions about Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
Which popular attractions are close to Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Nearby attractions include Da Nang Local Tours by Hung Le Travel (3.1 miles), 3D Museum Art in Paradise Danang (4.5 miles), and Lady Buddha (2.5 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, a pool, and an on-site restaurant.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Top room amenities include a minibar, air conditioning, and a flat screen TV.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Guests can enjoy an on-site restaurant, a lounge, and a poolside bar during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Yes, free parking, a parking garage, and secured parking are available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Conveniently located restaurants include Citron Restaurant, Barefoot restaurant, and La Maison 1888.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a fitness center, and fitness classes during their stay.
Does Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort have airport transportation?
Yes, Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Does Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort offer any business services?
Yes, it conveniently offers a business center, meeting rooms, and a banquet room.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English, French, Russian, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(10,738)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hotel direct offer!
Book Direct & Save with IHG One Rewards
and 3 more
Special Offer:
8.7
mi
44.3
3
min
2
3.1
4.5
2.5
1.5
5,858
464
116
53
43
All languages
(6,534)
English
(4,124)
Korean
(960)
(667)
globe2trvl
Toronto, Canada
33 contributions
33
We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its infinity pool & picturesque ocean views, top-rated local fusion and French cuisine at Citron and La Maison 1888 restaurants, and of course their friendly and knowledgeable staff who are always courteous and helpful to assist with our various activities & dining reservations -- we thoroughly relished this romantic getaway/journey of healing at Son Tra Peninsula. High praise to our private villa host Randy for his attentive & efficient service, restaurant staff Harry & Tan (plus the diligent gentleman on 'monkey patrol' around Nonla outdoor tables area:), Hong the
Date of stay:
transparency report
RosalieFoodie
San Jose, California
77 contributions
77
During our stay at the Intercontinental in Danang, Vietnam, we booked a classic with ocean view room which was absolutely fabulous. The room was huge and came with a very glamorous bathroom and a massive balcony that offered spectacular views across the bay and the South China Sea. The resort itself is stunning, stylist, set on a cliffside with breathtaking views over the sea. The architecture is amazing and the scent of lemongrass adds to the exotic vibe of the place. The staff are extremely helpful and the hospitality is exquisite. Check in & Check out was done swiftly by Nhi & Vy. We really enjoy our conversation with these two beautiful and personable staff. Our butler service was Huy/Jasper - he has such a pleasant smile and very personable. The location of the resort
Maps61761323724
용섭 김
1
Uyen D
tamara o
Natalie
Footloose007
Perth, Australia
10 contributions
10
Explore03092683591
Shawn X
San Francisco, California
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
