A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Gia Lai Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamGia Lai ProvinceThings to Do in Gia Lai ProvinceNature & parks in Gia Lai Province
THE 5 BEST Gia Lai Province Parks & Nature Attractions
Nature & Parks in Gia Lai Province
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Show more
Types of Attractions
Sights & Landmarks
Nature & Parks
Nightlife
Spas & Wellness
Classes & Workshops
Waterfalls
Bodies of Water
National Parks
Volcanos
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
6 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Chu Dang Ya Volcano
16
By Al720
We saw some locals farming on the top (don't recall what crop).
2. Sea Lake
3
3. T'Nung Lake ( Ia Nueng)
53
By HauPhucLe
- T'Nung Lake (also known as To Nueng, Ea Nueng, Bien Ho) has an area of nearly 300 hectares, located at an altitude...
4. Kon Ka Kinh National Park
5
By sergep79
I tracked through the jungle for two days with a guide (400-500 VND per day incl guide) and stayed overnight in the...
5. Phu Cuong Waterfall
13
By 13khanhh
A good destination to discover at Gia Lai Location at Chư Sê district, 40km from Pleiku city The nature so nice, green...
6. Thac 50
What travelers are saying
Minh Dan Vu
Lelystad, The Netherlands5 contributions
0
Peaceful hour spend
Wonderful peaceful place. You can follow the signs to the parking place. It will be very clear you are at the right spot. I had to ask some locals because I wasn't sure where to summit to the top but once I followed the sign (like a sane person) I got to the correct parking spot where there is a clear road to the top. Do not try to just summit from wherever, it's dangerous and prickly. At the parking lot, you will probably get offered a motordrive to the top. Lady said it would be an hour to walk to the top. I got there in 10 min hehe. So definitely walk. It's a very nice walk, steep but doable. Wear good shoes tho, it's very slippery because of the lose sand. Spend some time enjoying the view. There are 3 craters. Whole experience can be done in 2 hours.
Read more
Review of: Chu Dang Ya Volcano
Written January 13, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Shuddho G
Kolkata (Calcutta), India865 contributions
Amongst the few must do things in Pleiku/Gia Lai
Pleiku by itself is not much specially after its more famous neighbour - Kon Tum,inspite of being much bigger.A busy soulless commercial town.However,the lake is a welcome respite from the traffic and buildings.Amazing nature.
Review of: T'Nung Lake ( Ia Nueng)
Written December 17, 2019
serge p
Rotterdam, The Netherlands6 contributions
9
Kon Ka Kinh - off the beaten track
I visited Kon Ka Kinh in Jan 2018. It was my favorite destination in Vietnam. In flew in via Pleiku. It proved difficult to find information on the park; acces, permit, guides etc. By asking around I found the Gia Lai Eco tourist office, (82 Hung Vuong st, Pleiki) the only office with English speaking agents in Pleiku. It seemed I was the only visitor during my period there. I was blown away by the service by miss Anh and Nga from the office. Not only did they help me with all that comes with visiting the park, they invited me for dinner, English lessons for the kids, etc. Kon Ka Kinh park is about 70 km from Pleiku. I went by bike (about 1.5 h drive). Make sure to have arranged a guide and permits in advance. It might be a problem in you havent. I tracked through the jungle for two days with a guide (400-500 VND per day incl guide) and stayed overnight in the park (200-300 VND). I had dinner with the park staff. Kon Ka Kinh is truly primary jungle. The fauna is amazing and multiple endangered animal species live in the park.
Review of: Kon Ka Kinh National Park
Written January 12, 2018
Garry A
Bangkok, Thailand179 contributions
very good
Waterfall was great , lots water in november 2022 , no signposts from main raid , i drove past the entrance , had to ask a few people using translate on my phone , only saw 6 people during my visit , no entrance fee , old metal staircase goes down to the waterfall has definately seen better days but its there and it works !!! took 1 hour from pleiku om motorbike , easy drive , worth visiting
Review of: Phu Cuong Waterfall
Written November 26, 2022
Frequently Asked Questions about Gia Lai Province
What are the best places for nature & parks in Gia Lai Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Gia Lai Province
Nature & parks in Gia Lai Province
1.
Al720
We saw some
locals
farming on the top (don't recall what crop).
2.
3.
HauPhucLe
4.
sergep79
5.
13khanhh
6.
Lelystad, The Netherlands
5 contributions
Kolkata (Calcutta), India
865 contributions
Rotterdam, The Netherlands
6 contributions
Bangkok, Thailand
179 contributions
