Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 BEST Resorts near Ba Na Hills, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Resorts near Ba Na Hills
View map
Resorts near Ba Na Hills
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
TL 602 Hòa Ninh Hòa Vang, Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Ba Na Hills
Popular
5 stars
18
Breakfast included
61
32
Luxury
25
Property types
Resorts
+899
B&Bs & Inns
+475
Specialty lodgings
+121
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
70
Pool
68
Free parking
65
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
69
73
Hotel class
4 stars
29
3 stars
13
2 stars
1
Style
Budget
2
Mid-range
45
Family-friendly
58
Show more
Brands
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Powered By Archipelago
Pullman
108 of 4,833 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Ba Na Hills

61. Senvila Boutique Hoi An Resort & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
603 reviews
Tran Nhan Tong Street | Thanh Nhi Village, Cam Thanh Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
26.0 miles from Ba Na Hills
#61 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…”
62. Hoi An Beach Resort
1,932 reviews
01 Cua Dai St., Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#62 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We had a fabulous stay at this hotel. Clean spacious room. Hotel is kept emaculate clean. Ground are beautiful. One side the river and the other side the beach. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was...”
2023
63. Victoria Hoi An Beach Resort & Spa
3,375 reviews
Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An, Vietnam
26.4 miles from Ba Na Hills
#63 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We wanted to stay at beach and our agent recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...”
64. Hoi An Eco Lodge & Spa
831 reviews
DX20 | Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
26.3 miles from Ba Na Hills
#64 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…”
Visit hotel website
65. River Beach Resort & Residences
856 reviews
05 Cua Dai Street, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
26.1 miles from Ba Na Hills
#65 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“The hotel is like a resort, lots of space especially after the hustle and bustle of Saigon. The staff are friendly and helpful, especially the manager Anna. Breakfast was scrumptious and we were spoilt for choice...”
66. KOI Resort & Spa Hoi An
714 reviews
Au Co Street | Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#66 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...”
67. Renaissance Hoi An Resort & Spa
937 reviews
Block 6, Phuoc Hai, Cua Dai, Hoi An 563800, Vietnam
27.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#67 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stepping into paradise: My stay at the Renaissance Hoi An wasn't just good, it was a delightful surprise that elevated my entire Vietnam trip. It's like discovering a hidden oasis—tranquil, luxurious, and...”
68. Vinpearl Resort & Golf Nam Hoi An
2,467 reviews
Binh Minh, Thang Binh District, Binh Minh 560000, Vietnam
32.0 miles from Ba Na Hills
#68 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“had a good time in Vinpearl, great service and staffs with all things provided. Infinity swimming pool and picturesque private beach. It's convenient for family with kids as you can visit Vinwonders which is next…”
69. Bliss Hoi An Beach Resort & Wellness
532 reviews
Binh Minh Beach, Binh Minh, Vietnam
33.1 miles from Ba Na Hills
#69 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Apart from the 30 minutes distance to the city, this hotel has everything you need. A breakfast with a lot of variety, spacious rooms, friendly staff (our contact was Phu and she was really nice to us) and an...”
70. Pilgrimage Village Boutique Resort & Spa
3,178 reviews
130 Minh Mang Road, Hue, Vietnam
40.2 miles from Ba Na Hills
#70 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...”
71. Fansipan Danang Hotel
124 reviews
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District | ₫, Da Nang, Vietnam
17.6 miles from Ba Na Hills
#71 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…”
72. Lang Co Beach Resort
208 reviews
463 Lac Long Quan Street, Lang Co 530000, Vietnam
18.2 miles from Ba Na Hills
#72 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This hotel is Expensive and Tatty. The pool was too hot to swim in. The food is very average....there is no excuse for average food in Vietnam. The beach is strewn with trash when you walk either side of the hotel...”
73. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
Bai Bac, Tho Quang, Son Tra, Danang city, Vietnam | Sontra Peninsula, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
22.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#73 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its...”
74. Huong Giang Hotel Resort & Spa
709 reviews
51 Le Loi Street | Phu Hoi Ward, Hue, Vietnam
41.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#74 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This is a very nice hotel, clean, comfortable and well run, with good staff who speak English and are friendly and keen to help. I have two suggestions for improvement: 1. The dinner menus are not good for...”
75. Golden Sand Resort & Spa Hoi An
557 reviews
Au Co Road | Cua Dai Beach, Hoi An, Vietnam
26.7 miles from Ba Na Hills
#75 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“I booked a room with breakfast and massages included. Definitely worth the extra. Great buffet breakfast. Lots of variety. Salon very professional and clean. A lot better than cheap ones in town. Staff lovely but...”
76. Son Tra Resort & Spa
Villa
155 reviews
Hoang Sa Street | Bai Nam, Bai Con,Tho Quang Ward, Sontra District, Da Nang 700000, Vietnam
21.7 miles from Ba Na Hills
#76 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...”
77. ENSO Retreat Hoi An
18 reviews
Thanh Tam Village, Cam Thanh Commune | Cam Thanh Commune, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
26.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#77 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“This was an amazing place to stay. The rooms were excellent and had everything you needed. The staff were all so lovely and friendly and couldn’t do enough for you. They helped me change flights when I had...”
78. Coco Ocean Resort
21 reviews
110 Truong Sa, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
18.3 miles from Ba Na Hills
#78 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Nice resort and clean. Courteous and friendly staff. Location is a bit far from city center. Rented vans charge an additional VND300k for the location. But overall, we had an enjoyable stay. You can also get Grab...”
79. Villa Hoa Su
67 reviews
Ward No 5, Cam Thanh Village, Hoi An 84510, Vietnam
#79 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...”
80. Silver Shores International Resort
13 reviews
No.8 Son tra - Dien Ngoc street | Khue My ward, Ngu Hanh Son district, Da Nang, Vietnam
16.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#80 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“i loved everything at thí Hotel. From small details like HDMI / USB sockets available to plug our device and play on TV, to superb and friendly customer service, and delicious free breakfast, they’ve exceeded our...”
81. Thanh Tam Resort
83 reviews
Lang Co Town, Phu Loc District, Hue 530000, Vietnam
18.1 miles from Ba Na Hills
#81 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Location is convenience at Langco as it's on the road side. Our group stayed there for 2 days and 3 nights, we'd received a passionate supports from Van - Restaurant Manager and his team during the time. Thank you...”
82. Sankofa Village Hill Resort & Spa
71 reviews
8 Ngoc Ho Street, Huong Tra Town, Hue 530000, Vietnam
42.0 miles from Ba Na Hills
#82 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Fabulous place to stay with cottages among luscious natural surroundings. Breakfast was fit for a king. Lots of variety. The staff were attentive and helpful. Loved the e-carts that took you around the resort...”
83. Hue Ecolodge
154 reviews
2 Luong Quan Street, Thuy Bieu Village, Hue, Vietnam
42.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#83 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight. The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…”
84. Hue Riverside Boutique Resort & Spa
99 reviews
588 Bui Thi Xuan Street, Thuy Bieu Dictrict, Hue 530000, Vietnam
43.1 miles from Ba Na Hills
#84 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Our all over experience was great, in particular the friendly staff, the location and the breakfast. Superbe service. I left a travel book in the next door coffeeshop, and called them when I was half way to Hoi An...”
85. Villa Louise Hue Beach & Spa
203 reviews
Phu Thuan Beach, Phu Thuan Town, | Hue, An Duong 53000, Vietnam
#85 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“A wonderful escape destination. We were upgraded into a wonderful villa overlooking the sea. With only a portion of the rooms open again it was quiet and very peaceful at the resort. Service was wonderful as were...”
86. Vinpearl Resort & Golf Nam Hoi An
3 reviews
Block 06, Phu_c H_i, C_a D_i, Hoi An 563800, Vietnam
#86 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stayed at this resort as a wedding anniversary holiday to Vietnam with my wife and brother and sister in law. Resort had a premium golf course plus a very big theme park. 20 minutes out of Hoi Ann via taxi...”
87. KOBI Onsen Resort Hue
42 reviews
Phu Vang 53000, Vietnam
43.9 miles from Ba Na Hills
#87 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Amazing resort, world class service, and hospitality. Onsen was wonderful! You will truly enjoy. The Japanese gardens, koi pond, kids amenities were amazing. Bring your family or loved one to enjoy this gem in Hue!”
88. Lua Hoi An Villas
DX18, Thon Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“Really nice Village with yellow colour for all. We loved the atmosphere very much, so peace and fresh. The location was not good, so far from Hoian Ancient town, but really quiet, suitable with someone like...”
89. Dong An Beach Resort
5 reviews
Cua Dai Beach | Cua Dai Rd, Hoi An, Vietnam
25.4 miles from Ba Na Hills
#89 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“The workers there were very friendly and hospitable. The rooms were very good. The neighbors of the hotel were very friendly and welcoming to me because I am one of them physically. They would ask me why I…”
90. Lapochine Beach Resort
851 reviews
An Hai Village, Thuan An 530000, Vietnam
44.8 miles from Ba Na Hills
#90 Best Value of 4,833 places to stay in Da Nang
“I wish I would give more than 5 stars! In all my travels in 24 nations, we have never received the hospitality and care that we receive at the Lapochine. From the front office to reception to the restaurant to the...”
Previous
Next
1234
Ba Na Hills
108 of 4,833 properties
Clear all filters
Tran Nhan Tong Street
Thanh Nhi Village, Cam Thanh Ward
Hoi An 560000,
2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…
2nd time back in 9 months, all of the staff are
very friendly and helpful, special mention to Thanh (Mr Happy) who has goes out of his way to make our stay very enjoyable. Highly recommend and will be back…
01 Cua Dai St.
We had a fabulous stay at this hotel. Clean spacious room. Hotel is kept emaculate clean. Ground are beautiful. One side the river and the other side the beach. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was...
We had a fabulous stay at this hotel. Clean
spacious room. Hotel is kept emaculate clean. Ground are beautiful. One side the river and the other side the beach. Staff are very pleasant and helpful. Breakfast was...
Cua Dai Beach
Hoi An,
We wanted to stay at beach and our agent recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...
We wanted to stay at beach and our agent
recommended this hotel. It's one of the best hotel we've ever stayed. It's a little away from the town, but hotel offer free shuttle bus. Room was big and very clean...
DX20
Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh
Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…
Really fantastic nice cozy stay, definitely want
to come again. The lodge has two beautifully arranged sections with two pools. The staff is super friendly and are very courteous. Beds are super comfy and we got…
05 Cua Dai Street
The hotel is like a resort, lots of space especially after the hustle and bustle of Saigon. The staff are friendly and helpful, especially the manager Anna. Breakfast was scrumptious and we were spoilt for choice...
The hotel is like a resort, lots of space
especially after the hustle and bustle of Saigon. The staff are friendly and helpful, especially the manager Anna. Breakfast was scrumptious and we were spoilt for choice...
Au Co Street
Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...
Beautiful hotel in immaculate grounds with
beautiful pool. Breakfast was lovely with plenty of choice. Room was lovely with a lovely view over the lake. Hotel in quiet area but a few restaurants within walking...
Block 6, Phuoc Hai, Cua Dai
Hoi An 563800,
Stepping into paradise: My stay at the Renaissance Hoi An wasn't just good, it was a delightful surprise that elevated my entire Vietnam trip. It's like discovering a hidden oasis—tranquil, luxurious, and...
Stepping into paradise: My stay at the
Renaissance Hoi An wasn't just good, it was a delightful surprise that elevated my entire Vietnam trip. It's like discovering a hidden oasis—tranquil, luxurious, and...
Binh Minh, Thang Binh District
Binh Minh 560000,
had a good time in Vinpearl, great service and staffs with all things provided. Infinity swimming pool and picturesque private beach. It's convenient for family with kids as you can visit Vinwonders which is next…
had a good time in Vinpearl, great service and
staffs with all things provided. Infinity swimming pool and picturesque private beach. It's convenient for family with kids as you can visit Vinwonders which is next…
Binh Minh Beach
Binh Minh,
Apart from the 30 minutes distance to the city, this hotel has everything you need. A breakfast with a lot of variety, spacious rooms, friendly staff (our contact was Phu and she was really nice to us) and an...
Apart from the 30 minutes distance to the city,
this hotel has everything you need. A breakfast with a lot of variety, spacious rooms, friendly staff (our contact was Phu and she was really nice to us) and an...
130 Minh Mang Road
Hue,
Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...
Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very
spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...
424 Vo Nguyen Giap, My An ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
₫
Da Nang,
I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
I stayed here because the hotel is near the
places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the…
463 Lac Long Quan Street
Lang Co 530000,
This hotel is Expensive and Tatty. The pool was too hot to swim in. The food is very average....there is no excuse for average food in Vietnam. The beach is strewn with trash when you walk either side of the hotel...
This hotel is Expensive and Tatty. The pool was
too hot to swim in. The food is very average....there is no excuse for average food in Vietnam. The beach is strewn with trash when you walk either side of the hotel...
Bai Bac, Tho Quang, Son Tra, Danang city, Vietnam
Sontra Peninsula
Da Nang 550000,
We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its...
We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and
well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its...
51 Le Loi Street
Phu Hoi Ward
This is a very nice hotel, clean, comfortable and well run, with good staff who speak English and are friendly and keen to help. I have two suggestions for improvement: 1. The dinner menus are not good for...
This is a very nice hotel, clean, comfortable and
well run, with good staff who speak English and are friendly and keen to help. I have two suggestions for improvement: 1. The dinner menus are not good for...
Au Co Road
I booked a room with breakfast and massages included. Definitely worth the extra. Great buffet breakfast. Lots of variety. Salon very professional and clean. A lot better than cheap ones in town. Staff lovely but...
I booked a room with breakfast and massages
included. Definitely worth the extra. Great buffet breakfast. Lots of variety. Salon very professional and clean. A lot better than cheap ones in town. Staff lovely but...
Hoang Sa Street
Bai Nam, Bai Con,Tho Quang Ward, Sontra District
Da Nang 700000,
Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...
Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely
private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...
Thanh Tam Village, Cam Thanh Commune
Cam Thanh Commune
This was an amazing place to stay. The rooms were excellent and had everything you needed. The staff were all so lovely and friendly and couldn’t do enough for you. They helped me change flights when I had...
This was an amazing place to stay. The rooms
were excellent and had everything you needed. The staff were all so lovely and friendly and couldn’t do enough for you. They helped me change flights when I had...
110 Truong Sa
Nice resort and clean. Courteous and friendly staff. Location is a bit far from city center. Rented vans charge an additional VND300k for the location. But overall, we had an enjoyable stay. You can also get Grab...
Nice resort and clean. Courteous and friendly
staff. Location is a bit far from city center. Rented vans charge an additional VND300k for the location. But overall, we had an enjoyable stay. You can also get Grab...
Ward No 5, Cam Thanh Village
Hoi An 84510,
I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...
I loved staying here at Zen Villa! The rooms are
like a 4 star for a quarter of the price and staff are lovely and helpful booking trips and taxis. My biggest complaint was the noise from the road- it's on a...
No.8 Son tra - Dien Ngoc street
Khue My ward, Ngu Hanh Son district
i loved everything at thí Hotel. From small details like HDMI / USB sockets available to plug our device and play on TV, to superb and friendly customer service, and delicious free breakfast, they’ve exceeded our...
i loved everything at thí Hotel. From small
details like HDMI / USB sockets available to plug our device and play on TV, to superb and friendly customer service, and delicious free breakfast, they’ve exceeded our...
Lang Co Town, Phu Loc District
Hue 530000,
Location is convenience at Langco as it's on the road side. Our group stayed there for 2 days and 3 nights, we'd received a passionate supports from Van - Restaurant Manager and his team during the time. Thank you...
Location is convenience at Langco as it's on the
road side. Our group stayed there for 2 days and 3 nights, we'd received a passionate supports from Van - Restaurant Manager and his team during the time. Thank you...
8 Ngoc Ho Street, Huong Tra Town
Fabulous place to stay with cottages among luscious natural surroundings. Breakfast was fit for a king. Lots of variety. The staff were attentive and helpful. Loved the e-carts that took you around the resort...
Fabulous place to stay with cottages among
luscious natural surroundings. Breakfast was fit for a king. Lots of variety. The staff were attentive and helpful. Loved the e-carts that took you around the resort...
2 Luong Quan Street, Thuy Bieu Village
Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight. The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…
Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight.
The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…
588 Bui Thi Xuan Street, Thuy Bieu Dictrict
Our all over experience was great, in particular the friendly staff, the location and the breakfast. Superbe service. I left a travel book in the next door coffeeshop, and called them when I was half way to Hoi An...
Our all over experience was great, in particular
the friendly staff, the location and the breakfast. Superbe service. I left a travel book in the next door coffeeshop, and called them when I was half way to Hoi An...
Phu Thuan Beach, Phu Thuan Town,
Hue
An Duong 53000,
A wonderful escape destination. We were upgraded into a wonderful villa overlooking the sea. With only a portion of the rooms open again it was quiet and very peaceful at the resort. Service was wonderful as were...
A wonderful escape destination. We were upgraded
into a wonderful villa overlooking the sea. With only a portion of the rooms open again it was quiet and very peaceful at the resort. Service was wonderful as were...
Block 06, Phu_c H_i, C_a D_i
Stayed at this resort as a wedding anniversary holiday to Vietnam with my wife and brother and sister in law. Resort had a premium golf course plus a very big theme park. 20 minutes out of Hoi Ann via taxi...
Stayed at this resort as a wedding anniversary
holiday to Vietnam with my wife and brother and sister in law. Resort had a premium golf course plus a very big theme park. 20 minutes out of Hoi Ann via taxi...
Phu Vang 53000,
Amazing resort, world class service, and hospitality. Onsen was wonderful! You will truly enjoy. The Japanese gardens, koi pond, kids amenities were amazing. Bring your family or loved one to enjoy this gem in Hue!
Amazing resort, world class service, and
hospitality. Onsen was wonderful! You will truly enjoy. The Japanese gardens, koi pond, kids amenities were amazing. Bring your family or loved one to enjoy this gem in Hue!
DX18, Thon Thanh Nhut, Cam Thanh
Really nice Village with yellow colour for all. We loved the atmosphere very much, so peace and fresh. The location was not good, so far from Hoian Ancient town, but really quiet, suitable with someone like...
Really nice Village with yellow colour for all.
We loved the atmosphere very much, so peace and fresh. The location was not good, so far from Hoian Ancient town, but really quiet, suitable with someone like...
Cua Dai Rd
The workers there were very friendly and hospitable. The rooms were very good. The neighbors of the hotel were very friendly and welcoming to me because I am one of them physically. They would ask me why I…
The workers there were very friendly and
hospitable. The rooms were very good. The neighbors of the hotel were very friendly and welcoming to me because I am one of them physically. They would ask me why I…
An Hai Village
Thuan An 530000,
I wish I would give more than 5 stars! In all my travels in 24 nations, we have never received the hospitality and care that we receive at the Lapochine. From the front office to reception to the restaurant to the...
I wish I would give more than 5 stars! In all my
travels in 24 nations, we have never received the hospitality and care that we receive at the Lapochine. From the front office to reception to the restaurant to the...
3
4
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
