Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Trung Kien Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Hai Phong
Gallant Hotel
Hai Phong Woody Garden Hostel
Royal Motel
Phu Vinh Hotel
3 reviews
#96 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Good points: *Great hot shower *Friendly staff *Location is good as close to restaurants and coffee shops *Toiletries provided Average points: *Budget hotel but pricey as you can get much better quality in..."
"Having had a couple of days travelling round VN, I booked this hotel through Agoda, which had been problem free in Cat Ba and Hong Kong. On arrival, there was some confusion as the hotel had not had by reservation..."
Lotus Apartments
Bach Dang Hotel
#109 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We came here because its location is in centre of Haiphong city, but we were so disappointed. This is very terrible hotel. Room and equipment are old, dirty. Staffs are rude, especially reception is surly and..."
PH Hotel & Apartment
2 reviews
#110 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I didn’t have good experience with this place. My original booking for 1 mil VND was not accepted by the reception and they demanded I pay 300k VND more than I already booked on Agoda. Even though I booked an hour..."
"Upon arrival, the staff greeted us enthusiasticly and with big smiles. Once check-in was complete, we went to our room, and I was pleasantly surprised to the cleanliness, size (2 room apartment), and the minibar was..."
2023
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Van Xuan Hotel
8 reviews
#44 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Nestled on Le Loi street which is quite close to the city center, this hotel offered me a reasonable price for a big room. Stayed two days on the 6th floor with a nice city view. The room was clean with staff was..."
"When you're wondering where to book a room when you decide to visit the coastal city of Hải Phòng where you can enjoy various kinds of food, especially seafood, it's time to make a reservation online or simply make..."
Khach San Shalom
Quynh Trang Hotel
1 review
#88 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
Khach San Xay Dung
#114 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Hai Phong Homestay
Hai Nhien Anh
HaiPhong Backpacker Hostel
#86 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"In the beginning we chose this hostel for 1 night because it was on the way to cat ba but arriving here it was a never seen before. Their hospitality was so great, they invited us food even when we arrived late..."
Monte Carlo Hotel
9 reviews
#90 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Positives - woman at the front desk was VERY helpful in escorting me to my room, setting up a breakfast in bed for me in the morning and ordering me a car from hotel to ferry port. Location is very close to airport..."
"Large rooms generally pretty clean. Odd smell though. Western bathrooms clean. Not super clean, just got k. Internet access and computer in room. But computer had so many viruses I did not use. I would not..."
Lyberty Hotel And Apartment
#76 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
BBNC Homestay
Holiday Hotel Haiphong
#132 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We reserved hotel by booking.com near the airport, because we have a flight at 6:40 AM. We thought that we could sleep for about 7 hours before the flight and ask reception to call for us the taxi at 4:30 AM. We..."
Emerald Hotel Cát Bà
#66 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"We arrived in Cat Ba to find our original booking through Agoda was appalling, we checked out the next day after cancelling our next 3 nights and we found this little Gem. Lovely room with Balcony in the sunshine..."
Princes Hotel Cat Ba
Rose Hotel
#135 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Made me pay 200,000 extra dong because I checked in at 3am. No water in room, dirty sheets.. No massage either when I asked... Basically a business trying to stay alive if you ask me. Very dirty and water dripping..."
"The room really, really didn't follow the photos...the gloss had definitely faded with the real thing. The room stunk of cigarettes, the fridge had mildew and some dark brown gunk spilt all over the inside....the..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
Hotel Romantic
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Blue Sea Luxury Hotel & Apartment
Milan Hotel
Dinh Vu 3 Motel
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
…
5
6
7
8
9
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
