Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Walk-in Shower in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Walk-in Shower
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Walk-in Shower
2023
Sheraton Hai Phong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
355 reviews
In Hai Phong
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Visit hotel website
Matches:Walk-in Shower
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Hotel Blue Rose
0 reviews
Green Hotel
1 review
#85 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The first time i stayed here was after a 20 hour long journey from Canada. I was totaly bagged out and needed a place to sleep with peace and quiet. After that i did book a room for my weddings best man to also stay..."
Ivy Hotel - Hải Phòng
Daiichi Hotel Cát Bà
Hami Hotel
Zen Riverside Hotel & Residences
2 reviews
#60 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Excellent facilities and amenities. You could not find any better options in Hai Phong City with only $45 per night included with: Continental Buffet Breakfast, free access to Gym, Pool, Sauna. The location is a..."
"The hotel is very nice and clean, all room have balcony, washing machine and kitchen. Friendly and professional staffs. Breakfast is delicious and varied, including European, Asian, Korean, Japanese and Chinese as..."
Cat Ba Life Hostel
4 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#41 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and..."
"The bedroom and the bathroom were very clean. Activities could be booked at the reception. Every morning the receptionist made breakfast for us. Enjoyed staying here, thank you, it has been very nice :) "
Cat Ba Daily Life Hotel
55.9 miles from Hai Phong
#58 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"A very good hotel nearby the central market, with a panoramic view on the bay. Comfortable beds, rooms very clean, the hotel provides lots of services apart from b&b. Amelia is the perfect host. Will come back!"
An Homestay
5 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#28 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The bedroom was spacious, clean, and very modern. The food was delicious, and the view from the room overlooking the valley was beautiful. The hosts, a friendly and enthusiastic couple, had a good command of..."
"Very friendly and welcoming family. The food was great and they even made special food for me because I got sick. They invited me to a family trip to a special beach in cat ba. Overall great expierience, can’t..."
Pina Hotel Cat Ba
9 reviews
#24 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
Galaxy Cat Ba Hotel Elite
16 reviews
#10 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The hotel has a beautiful, central location, near many delicious seafood restaurants and cafes, convenient for living and going out, especially at night. The hotel owner is friendly and prepares a delicious..."
"What a great experience for a bargain price! The staff were so friendly and helpful, always happy to answer questions and offer advice. The breakfast was a great way to start the day after a very comfortable and..."
Lan Homestay
149 reviews
23.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We could not have asked for a better first stay in Vietnam. It was a serious trek getting to the village, but that was part of the fun. Chilly and everyone on staff were so helpful and kind. The homestay is..."
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Orchid Hotel
6 reviews
697.0 miles from Hai Phong
#44 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Before we arrived Linda, the manager, got in touch with us offering a wealth of local recommendations and offered to help with any and all booking and logistics. Upon arrival Linda provided information about the..."
"Perfect hotel!! Linda is just the best. She helped us with everything we needed, we are really grateful to her. It was our friend's birthday and she helped me to go and buy a cake as a surprise. 😊 The beds are..."
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#39 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at the..."
"I heard they have a big dorm room (16) that is usually empty so went there and shared it with two other girls. Really nice owner. Got towels. Beds are not that great but for cheap price, can't expect much. Shower..."
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
3 reviews
#35 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
Cat Ba De Dita Hostel
22.9 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 3 Specialty lodging in Tran Chau
"This hostel was very worth the money, great price and beautiful views! The room was very nice and the people were very friendly, definitely book your stay here! Great price for your money, I very much recommend!"
JoyStay
11 reviews
#1 of 3 Specialty lodging in Xuan Dam
"We stayed here for two nights in mid-April and had a lovely time. The units are really cute, comfortable and very clean. The food is great and very reasonably priced, and we can't speak highly enough of the owner..."
"We had a lovely short stay. The family are very lovely. The food was delicious. The room was clean and well designed. The photos are accurate. The guests next door were a little loud as there is no sound proof..."
Best Seller
Menrva Hotel
0.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"Had a short but great stay at this hotel. Location was excellent, right in the city center, and about 10 mins on foot to the train station. Room was nice and elegant while breakfast was simple but good."
"A perfect place for tourism and business. Quiet room and very near walking street , old opera , coach , station .... this is a center hotel . Staff were very nice ! And hlpeful. Will recommend friends ! Ps: if you..."
Leu Vit Homestay Hai Phong
0.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"We had a fantastic stay here, so good we had to extend it. The room was just like the photos; very clean with everything you need. Check in/out was super easy and the location great. Very little noise from the road..."
"First, please read my review. As soon as I entered the room, I asked for a refund. The reason is that the toilet smells so bad. If you really want to make a reservation, get the biggest room. But I don't recommend..."
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Top Rated
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Catba View Hotel
76 reviews
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
27.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently..."
"Very good hotel. Great value for money and rooms are nice. The tour we booked through the hotel was good and the manager was really helpful. I would definitely recommend this place if you go to cat ba."
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
23.6 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
Hotels with Walk-in Shower nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Chanthaburi Province
Jeju
Jeju is a hot tourist spot, booming with unique attractions. Romantic sunrises and sunsets, mild climate and beautiful sandy beaches make Jeju a popular honeymoon destination. Adventurers can hike to Baeknok Lake at the top of Mount Halla, South Korea’s highest peak. Keep an eye out for the “haenyeo,” female divers gathering fresh seafood, and the iconic “grandfather statues” displayed outside of many restaurants.
Tegalalang
South Male Atoll
Alice Springs
Stunning landscapes and a unique pioneering history create a diverse and exhilarating destination to explore. A thriving, spirited outback center, Alice Springs is as famous for the personality of its locals and traditional art as it is for the natural wonders, including the stunning Larapinta Trail and the MacDonnell Ranges surrounding it.
Republic of North Ossetia-Alania
Lazarevskoye District
Sunshine Coast
Onega Lake
Zanzibar Archipelago
A group of islands and islets some 25 miles off the Tanzanian coast, the Zanzibar Archipelago is headlined by Unguja (often referred to simply as Zanzibar) and Pemba. Once a separate nation, Zanzibar has a long history of trade with the Arab world, dating back to at least the 11th century. The capital, Stone Town, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and has many interesting historic attractions. Zanzibar's bright white beaches and nearby coral reefs make it very popular with the sun and sea set.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with walk-in shower
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
