Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Halong Bay Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Smoke as you wish—the ultimate convenience for stay-in days.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Smoking rooms available
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Smoking rooms available
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Babycat Guesthouse
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
11 reviews
In Halong Bay
#9 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We had a catastrophic bus drive from Sa Pa and arrived 2 hours later as we should at 3:00 am in Ha Long. The lady slept on a bench at the lobby just for waiting for us. Without her we possibly would have slept on..."
"Although it has been almost two years since our visit to Halongbay, we remember our stay at Babycat Guesthouse. We received special and memorable attention by Hoàn, who was friendly and surprised us with an..."
Central Halong Hotel
1 review
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Never rent this thong nhat 2 agiain the worst hotel I never seen, WiFi not working in the room drop connection all the times WiFi has signal but can not get connect to internet Have to go to main floor to get..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Viet Nhat Halong Hotel
42 reviews
#7 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with very nice and helpful owners. The place is also clean and the shower was good. Warm water because every room has it’s own boiler. We had a great stay. The mattresses are a bit firm though but that’s..."
"Perched on a slope of one of the hills surrounding Halong, this hotel was situated conveniently. Glide down the hill and you get to the food, banks, coffeeshops and tourist attractions. We got the top room. Nice and..."
Kim Dung Hotel
9 reviews
#39 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We were greeted with a warm welcome from what we believed was the manager. Our room was ready early which is always a bonus. The room was a good size with a nice view of the lake. The mattress was a nice size but..."
"The hotel is quite far away from the main part of the city. It,s very clean, Rooms are big with a great view. The only problem we experience was that the personal didn´t understand english so it was really hard to..."
H81 Hotel
15 reviews
#19 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Decent and clean accommodation in a busy part of town. The room had air con, en suite bathroom with shower amenities. Plenty of eating options around the hotel. Small convenience store and pharmacy nearby. Good for..."
"cheap clean, really hard bed, centre of town, Wi fi a little slow, air con Fridge. We decided instead of booking the cruise from Hanoi we would travel down on the bus book a cheap mini hotel for a couple of nights..."
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Number One Hotel
0 reviews
#15 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Roma Star Hotel
2 reviews
#37 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Son Duong Hotel
#68 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Smoking rooms available
Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#22 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
Best Seller
2023
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Hung Lam Resort
Thanh Mang Hotel
Top Rated
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
70 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#16 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
"Very nice and cute hotel which has a beautiful coffee shop named Muse. The price is very reasonable. Highly recommended this place and must try the coffee shop in order to have a lot of beautiful pictures"
Popular destinations for Hotels with Smoking Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Baguio
Baguio, perched high in the Cordillera Central Mountains, is a great place to escape the heat of the Philippine lowlands. Camp John Hay, originally built as a recreation area for U.S. soldiers, now is a full-fledged resort complete with a world-class golf course. Definitely stop at the city market, where you can buy almost anything (just be prepared to haggle).
Kolkata (Calcutta)
This former British colonial stronghold boasts evidence of over two millennia of habitation, with ornate, architecturally diverse buildings, ranging from crumbing ruins to Victorian treasures. Home to lively festivals and a vibrant artistic community, clamorous markets and packed temples, this city is crowded and polluted, but ultimately invigorating.
Nagoya
Commerce keeps Nagoya’s downtown popping with life, but there’s more than just manufacturing to this industrial powerhouse. Nagoyans meet for plates of crisp-friend miso katsu; make weekend trips to nearby Shinto shrines; and count down the days to the city’s autumn Nagoya Festival.
Kuta
Kuta boasts the best beaches in Bali, a five-mile stretch of clean sand that is a magnet for surfers and sunbathers. When that golden sun goes down, the animals come out—the party animals, that is. Kuta nightlife is almost frantic, as global tourists bounce from restaurant to nightclub in an effort to soak up the Kuta experience like a well-dressed sponge.
Tel Aviv
A youthful, modern metropolis with a diverse population, Tel Aviv dates back only to 1909. Clubs, bars, a thriving arts community, gay life and beaches attract artists, musicians and young professionals to Tel Aviv's more secular scene. Its UNESCO-designated Bauhaus architecture has won the city the moniker "The White City." Walk, drive or catch cabs between the cultural exhibition pavilions of Haaretz Museum, historic Independence Hall Museum, bustling Carmel Market and Old Jaffa's boardwalk.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Pasay
Narita
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with smoking rooms
What are the best hotels with smoking rooms near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay with a 4 star rating?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with smoking rooms in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
