Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsDowntown Can Tho Hotels
THE 10 BEST Can Tho City Center Hotels
Downtown Can Tho Hotels
Stay central to all the city's top sites and attractions.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
City Center
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:City Center
Mien Tay Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
4 reviews
In Can Tho
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the shiny..."
"We stayed overnight in a triple room with my husband and son, on our way to Mu Cang Chai. The town is not very interesting - except for the market which was fascinating! - and there are very few tourists so..."
Khanh Duong Hotel
1 review
#46 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great little family run hotel. We booked it in AGODA for $11 a night for a double. We were given the third floor no elevator, other than that I cannot understand why it is so cheap. The staff are so nice and..."
Can Tho Guesthouse
8 reviews
#48 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though..."
"Who in their right mind would put the external part of the air con unit INSIDE the building Constant sound of knackered air con units right outside your door (room 214) will keep you awake ALL night Add to..."
Lion Hotel
#49 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
An Hotel Can Tho
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a..."
Kim Khanh Hotel
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner..."
"My family and I only stayed there for one night. The staff was indeed friendly and helpful. We had a familiy room (space for 4+baby) at the top. The view from the adjoining terrace was marvelous. The breakfast was..."
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
Phuong Nga Hotel
31 reviews
#53 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is located far from Ninh Kieu Quay, it is about thirty minutes walk to it. I stayed in a standard double room in September. The room was around 20 square meters, it had a refrigerator, electric tea pot..."
"Good value hotel with a fair breakfast( small selection but good presentation and service). Room was a good size. clean and well fitted out. On a main street with shops at hand. Not many eating places nearby."
Lan Vy Hotel
14 reviews
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
#55 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the..."
Anh Thu Hotel
#56 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from..."
"The Anh Thu Hotel in Can Tho was firmly in the budget category, this essentially means it is on the edge of living in poverty. Room rate $15-20 a standard double & about 1.5kms from town. You know you are living..."
Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#58 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
Tan Phuoc 2
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Tulip Hotel
#61 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Stay House
#62 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Phuc Long 2
#63 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Holiday 2 Hotel
#69 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Part of a tour. The breakfast is good. Hotel is just barely okay. Location is dreadful. Way too many neon massage signs around to make a person feel comfortable walking around. Not a great place, a person could do..."
"Dishonest and misleading hotel. Believe the poor reviews. Lots of prostitution business in the area. I had booked hotel room for 7 days but cancelled it after staying one night. I booked two rooms via agoda. When I..."
Tan Tay Do Hotel
11 reviews
#67 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"They wanted to keep our passports until checkout day (we had 2 nights) which seemed a bit weird. Then when we asked to get our passports immediately since we already paid, they refused to hand them over for a while..."
"We booked this hotel through Booking website. When we arrived, on the outside, the hotel was quite big and beautiful hotel. But when we stepped inside, we were disappointed a bit because everything was not as good..."
Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
#68 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could..."
"We stayed in this hotel on an overnight Mekong Delta tour from Ho Chi Minh so we did not pick this hotel ourselves. On first appearances the hotel is very basic, but looks fine. Unfortunately, when we pulled back..."
Hanh Phuc Hotel Can Tho
16 reviews
#70 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My family stays in 4VIP rooms.The rooms are big and clean.However the staffs here cant really speak English.They will use translation apps to communicate with you. No tissue paper in the room.Not located in the..."
"The staff were nice and did their jobs. The rooms were clean but not really that nice. The one we got had a small window with a view of a wall, and there was some kind of problem with the hot water. They said it..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
Hello 2
37 reviews
#72 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy..."
"Staff is very kind and helpful. Too bad the room was quite smelly and old. Beds were okay and there was a big bath we couldn't really use since the hot water was not hot at all. The location is great cause it's very..."
Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#73 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come..."
"I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the..."
Hoa Phuong Hotel
#74 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I went there to visit the Mekong Delta. The plan was to stay there three nights, but at least I stayed only two nights. The room and the bathroom weren't really clean and air conditioning and wifi didn't work. But..."
"Ok I know the tour from Sinh tourist is quite cheap, but there'are a lot of better hôtels at the same price. Obviously they have an agreement with sinh tourist. the main problem is the dirt, the whole place would..."
Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
#75 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the..."
"We had to stay in this hotel as part of a 2 day Mekong Delta Tour (also not recommended). We wouldn't have chose it otherwise. It is obviously a "pay by hour" hotel from the red light on the bedroom wall, provided..."
Hoang Anh Hotel
0 reviews
Hoài An 3D
Khach San Gan Cho Noi Cai Rang
HAO DONG HOTEL
Popular destinations for Downtown Hotels
Gangtok
The capital of the state of Sikkim, Gangtok is an attractive tourist destination, reflecting a unique ambience which derives from its happy blend of tradition and modernity. Alongside the deeply felt presence of stupas and monasteries, Gangtok also bustles like any other thriving town. Some of the key places to visit include Rumtek Monastery, Do-Drul Chorten, Enchey Monastery, Tashi View Point and the local bazaar, Lal Bazaar.
Read more
Mahabaleshwar
The city of Mahabaleshwar is a pinnacle of greenery, boasting one of the only evergreen forests in the world. The landscape abounds with lush hills, valleys and lookout points such as Lodwick Point, Arthur's Seat and Babington Point, all of which offer spectacular views. Trot along on horseback for a delightful four-legged tour of the gorgeous Venna Lake area, and savor juicy native strawberries, mulberries and corn.
Ulaanbaatar
Located in the northern part of the country, high above sea level, Ulan Bator is the coldest capital city in the world. The cultural and business center of Mongolia, and a hub connecting the Trans-Siberian Railway with the Chinese rail system, Ulan Bator has become a thriving urban center in one of the most remote locations in the world. Visit the Tibetan-style Gandan Monastery, one of the few buildings in Ulan Bator to predate WWII and one of the few monasteries to survive the Soviet purge.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Manama
Manama, capital of the island nation of Bahrain, is a major financial center with a thriving economy. A surplus of money has decorated the skyline with glass and steel spires, and plans for the tallest tower in the world. Although Bahrain is an Islamic country, alcohol is legal, and Manama has a thriving nightlife, with clubs and bars popular with visitors from all over the world. The narrow rows of stalls at the Bab el-Bahrain souk are famous for their vast array of perfumes, spices, and gold.
Olongapo
Naga
Bicol Region
Ernakulam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about downtown hotels
What are the best downtown hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho have a pool?
Which downtown hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best downtown hotels in Can Tho?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
What are some popular downtown hotels in Can Tho with a 4 star rating?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
