Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Quang Ninh Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceThings to Do in Quang Ninh ProvinceNightlife in Quang Ninh Province
THE 10 BEST Quang Ninh Province Nightlife Activities
Nightlife in Quang Ninh Province
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Nightlife
Sights & Landmarks
Classes & Workshops
Spas & Wellness
Fun & Games
Water & Amusement Parks
Museums
Bars & Clubs
Bar, Club & Pub Tours
Dance Clubs & Discos
Karaoke Bars
Show more
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
26 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. FOM Club Ha Long
14
Bars & Clubs • Dance Clubs & Discos
Open now
By scotti680
Awesome spot, speak good english and great restaurant next door catering for expats.. great night out.
2. Circle Mixology & Bar
10
By TuanDung2302
The best nightlife activity in the town.
3. Sky21 Bar & Lounge
13
4. Moon Light Bar
3
5. Sun - Cocktailbar
2
By T2195JFluigig
Basti ( the manager from Germany) is definetely a nice, helpful and super funny guy. Highly recommended!
6. Amazon Bar
7. Karaoke King Dom
1
8. Sixteen Saloon
By Relax16989341173
This is a excellent pub in Ha Long. All staff here is so friendly and helpfull especial Nhi. The fist times i come and...
9. District 8 Bar Coffee
Bars & Clubs • Coffeehouses
10. H Club
11. Pirates Club
12. Pirates Club
13. FOM Club - Hạ Long
14. StarLight Lazy Bar
15. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
16. Whisky Gallery Bar - JO Pub
5
By QuangH114
Quiet space. Everyone can drink coffee. Use lunch . Dinner drinking wine and listen to soft music. With singer...
17. Vicki`s Bar
By Spicer100
A great place to chill before or after dinner. Very near Papa's BBQ and Advocado. Near to the main tourist area and...
18. Halong Bay Group Tours
Submarine Tours • Duck Tours
By Camper48641463974
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I...
19. One day experience as a fisherman
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By Minhminhcoto
Its the ocean district! So, fishing + snorkeling + sashimi on the beach or lunch on floating private restaurant are the...
20. Halong Bay Private Tours
Sightseeing Tours • Horse-Drawn Carriage Tours
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
Read now
21. Essence Grand Halong Bay Cruises
22. Vanillahalongvillas
23. Vietnam Amaing Travel Co., Ltd
Multi-day Tours • Motorcycle Tours
24. Hạ Long Daily Tours
25. Halong bay tour 1 day trip by wecozyvietnam
Sports Camps & Clinics • Sightseeing Tours
26. Hạ Long Daily Tours
What travelers are saying
Sightseer59400120591
1 contribution
0
Fom club
Awesome place, great party atmosphere. Good drinks and great service. Would recommend this is a place to visit if in the vicinity
Review of: FOM Club Ha Long
Written January 22, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Thanh P
Trip
Very nice restaurant, attentive staff. The space is good, suitable for holding a party🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰 Very funny and i love Circle
Review of: Circle Mixology & Bar
Written August 16, 2023
Luigi G
Halong Bay, Vietnam14 contributions
Best cocktails
Went there the last night with friends. Since the beggining the staff of the bar was very welcoming and smiley and they showed us the well designed menu. We decided for cocktails: the classic ones were absolutely well prepared and presented and their signature cocktails were really impressive. Try the Pho cocktail ( inspired by the typical Vietnamese soup) it really tastes like pho! The atmosphere was cool and they also have a pool table. Last but not least mr. Basti ( the manager from Germany) is definetely a nice, helpful and super funny guy. Highly recommended!
Read more
Review of: Sun - Cocktailbar
Written May 22, 2018
Nguyễn Đức Nam
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Excellent pub in Ha Long
This is a excellent pub in Ha Long. All staff here is so friendly and helpfull especial Nhi. The fist times i come and she create my lasting memory ❤️❤️❤️
Review of: Sixteen Saloon
Written July 24, 2023
Lunymar
Hanoi, Vietnam103 contributions
Wonderful overnight cruise
Earlier reviews of Ha Long Bay itself mention trash. I was very pleased to see barely any trash once we got away from the port area. Single-use plastics have been banned for some time now, which will have helped enormously.

Anyway, to our trip... from our pick-up at Hanoi Opera on an extremely comfortable minibus to when we were dropped back there the following day, we thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
The staff were excellent. The boat has 22 cabins and was full, I think. Each cabin has a private balcony, where you can sit and enjoy the views. There was a corner jacuzzi in our cabin, which would be nice if you go in winter.
There were only 5 Westerners onboard, but both the boat manager and assistant manager spoke very good English and made sure that all announcements were made in English as well as Vietnamese.
The other staff were also excellent and the service of a high standard. The food was good and plentiful - a bit too plentiful, actually. We felt guilty at having to leave so much of what was put on our table. An earlier review mentioned lack of drinking water. Perhaps that comment was acted on, as there was free drinking water with all meals, on the launch for trips off of the boat, and there to greet us when we returned from them.
The short trips off the boat are all worth doing as long as you know what to expect. The trip to Surprising Cave was our favourite. The cave is massive and the lighting shows off the features well. The kayaking is for only a short time around a small bay, which was crowded with other kayakers. The 'bamboo boat' option around the same small bay was not on bamboo boats, just large rowing boats. The swimming trip is to a small man-made beach, but it was lovely to get into the water to cool off.
My daughter enjoyed the karaoke in the evening, which had lots of Western songs to choose from. However, the best thing of all was sitting up on the top deck, sipping a G&T and watching the incredible sunset.
Review of: Dynasty Cruises Halong
Written August 1, 2020
Frequently Asked Questions about Quang Ninh Province
What are the best places for nightlife in Quang Ninh Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Quang Ninh Province
1.
scotti680
Awesome spot, speak good english and great restaurant next door catering for expats.. great
night
out.
2.
TuanDung2302
The best
nightlife
activity in the town.
3.
4.
5.
T2195JFluigig
6.
7.
8.
Relax16989341173
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
Travellingfullys
16.
QuangH114
17.
Spicer100
18.
Camper48641463974
19.
Minhminhcoto
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
Halong Bay, Vietnam
14 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
103 contributions
