Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best Golf Resorts
Golf Resorts
Calling all golfers: you'll love these lush fairways and well-maintained greens.
Find your next getaway
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
Grand Hyatt Baha Mar
7,464
Caribbean
Paradisus Cancun
19,416
Moon Palace The Grand - Cancún
12,925
Hard Rock Hotel & Casino Punta Cana
40,184
Bavaro, Caribbean
Iberostar Selection Cancun
8,970
Barcelo Bavaro Palace All Inclusive Resort
28,474
Meliá Caribe Beach Resort
5,564
Hilton Rose Hall Resort & Spa
6,974
Rose Hall, Caribbean
Things to know about Golf Resorts
Where can you play golf year-round?
Where is the best destination to play golf?
How much do golf resorts cost?
What is there to do at a golf resort besides golfing?
Can you rent clubs at a golf resort?
Related Story
By Reade Tilley
The 10 most unexpected golf destinations in the United States
The Pacific waves at Pebble Beach, the island green at TPC Sawgrass: They’re beautiful, sure, but you’ve heard those stories before. The next time you’re looking to combine 18—or 36, or 72—holes with vacation, why not veer a bit more offbeat? Below, 10 unexpected golf destinations in the United. States.
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's golf resorts
Popular Islands
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico offers the perfect balance of rum-soaked nightlife and tranquil retreat. The Spanish colonial buildings of San Juan set a perfect backdrop for a day of shopping and sightseeing. Hike the massive El Yunque rainforest to see waterfalls, stone towers, and colorful Puerto Rican wildlife. As far as beaches go, it doesn’t get better than the private sands of Isla de Vieques – particularly Mosquito Bay, where by moonlight the water glows blue-green thanks to magical microorganisms.
Read more
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Maui
The Hawaiian island of Maui is a destination for true nature lovers. The ethereal bamboo forest and churning waterfalls in Haleakala National Park can be explored via the Waimoku Falls Trail. Stretch out on warm, golden sands or hit the surf for an unforgettable windsurfing or snorkeling session. Driving the scenic road to Hana along the island’s northeastern shore will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. Time stands still at the Hawaiian village of Keanae, definitely worth a visit.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Kauai
Relaxing and pristine Kauai (the Garden Island) is the least commercially developed of the Hawaiian islands. Waterfalls, scenic drives and more than 60 beaches dot the landscape. Some beaches have great snorkeling, others offer child-friendly tidal pools and some are perfect for all kinds of water sports. Dry-land activities include hiking the Kalalau Trail on the Na Pali coastline, taking a day trip to Waimea Canyon and experiencing life on a sugar plantation at Grove Farm Homestead Museum.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Barbados
Romance and adventure are in the air on this lush West Indian island in the Caribbean, depending on your coast. To the west, you'll find calm waters and good swimming. To the east, there are massive, competition-caliber waves. Wherever you stay, expect turquoise waters, fine soft sand beaches, catamaran cruises and delicious island fare.
Island of Hawaii
Life on the Big Island is a little bit slower… and locals like it that way. The natural beauty and ecological features of the island are a draw for nature lovers and outdoor enthusiasts. Test your chutzpah at Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, home to the longest volcanic eruption in recorded history, or climb to the indescribably beautiful summit of Mauna Kea. At the end of the day, there’s nothing more refreshing than a quivering plate of fresh poke, followed by a fruity shave ice.
Amelia Island
Amelia Island is the Florida beach with a Southern accent. A timeless destination known for pristine nature and uncrowded beaches, it offers world-class golf, spas and restaurants, plus a rich history. There's something for everyone—a family vacation, a romantic getaway, a beachside horseback ride or kayak excursion. Events include the Amelia Concours d'Elegance, Pétanque America Open and Isle of 8 Flags Shrimp Festival. It is 30 minutes from JAX International Airport and 90 from St. Augustine.
Tenerife
Tribal Terenife still shows influence from the aboriginal Gaunches people. Visitors clamber to conquer Mount Teide (Spain’s tallest peak) and to stretch out on the sands of Los Gigantes. Squawk hello to the playful parrots of Loro Park, or brave the petrifying drive to beautiful Masca Valley. For a true taste of Terenife, sample fresh farmhouse cheese and local bananas. A piece of delicate calado canario lace makes a special souvenir.
Canary Islands
The sun-drenched Canary Islands lie close to North Africa and have an exotic flavor of their own. Hundreds of volcanoes, rolling sand dunes, rich forests and rugged cliffs dapple these seven Atlantic gems. Catch a ferry to Lanzarote. Ride a camel through volcanic Timanfaya National Park. Take on Tenerife, home of Mount Teide, Spain's tallest peak. Romp Grand Canary's beaches or hike La Gomera's Garajonay National Park. More adventures await on tiny El Hierro, verdant La Palma and peaceful Fuerteventura.
Grand Cayman
The farther you go from Grand Cayman's busy docks, the more peace and quiet you'll find. At Stingray City (actually a sandbar), stingrays swim alongside you in the tranquil waters. Closer to town, travelers report finding some of the best massage and spa services anywhere in the Caribbean.
Popular States
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
Texas
Texas has great beaches for bird watching, boating, and fishing. Plus golf courses, cowboy and high art culture, and a rich history. Bask on the beach and bird watch between golf games before, during, or after spring break in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Crystal Beach, or South Padre Island. Explore East Texas from Dallas to Tyler, Texarkana, Jefferson, and Nacogdoches. Enjoy golf and big city life in Dallas or Houston. Visit Galveston's coastal Strand. Tour West Texas and Hill Country from San Antonio, New Braunfels, Austin, and Fredericksburg to Amarillo and El Paso.
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Georgia
While Atlanta is the anchor and capital of Georgia, you can aim in any direction to find distinctly different regions – from the tail of the Appalachians in the North to the rolling Piedmont hills and on down to the seaside marshes in the East. Atlanta lays claim to the state’s number one attraction – Stone Mountain State Park. They say it best - “Serious fun. Endless adventure.” Just 15 minutes from downtown, the world’s largest exposed granite dome is surrounded by 3,200 acres of natural beauty and stimulating activities for every member of the family – sky rides and hiking paths, laser shows and pedal boats along Stone Mountain Lake. Golfers tee it up, while red foxes dash across the fairways in a state where the Masters Golf Tournament creates revered green-jacket memories every year. It’s a long downhill ride down to historic Savannah, a ‘stone’s throw’ from the Atlantic and a virtual step back in time to Southern architecture and stately squares. St. Simon’s and Jekyll Islands offer barrier island beauty and a wonderful combination of outdoor activities, historic sites and artistic culture. Originally the private winter playground of wealthy northeasterners, Jekyll Island stretches along 10 miles of coastal beaches and inland marshes. Cycling and walking paths wind under moss-laden oaks, and a tour of Millionaire Village takes you back to those Cornelius Vanderbilt and J.P. Morgan days. The kid-friendly Summer Waves Water Park adds man-made fun to natural water sport activities. Coastal golf courses and sophisticated St. Simon’s Island appeal to moms, dads and vacationing couples.
Pennsylvania
Michigan
Think you need an ocean for a beach? Think again. There are miles and miles of sandy lakefront beaches in Michigan (thanks to the four Great Lakes that border it). The west coast of Michigan has especially nice beaches—try a rental in Muskegon, Grand Haven or Saugatuck. You won’t need a car when visiting Mackinac Island. In fact, they’re not allowed—this lovely Victorian resort town is pedestrian-only.
Virginia
Virginia can make American history come alive. Visit Thomas Jefferson’s Monticello, tour Civil War battlefields, explore the living history museum at Williamsburg… the possibilities are endless (if the kids object, break up the historical sightseeing with a visit to Busch Gardens). Arlington, site of Arlington National Cemetery, is just across the Potomac River from all the major sites in D.C. In addition to beaches and historical attractions, Virginia has plenty to offer outdoor enthusiasts. Active families will love the Blue Ridge Highlands, where hiking, canoeing and tubing are just a few of the activities offered. Couples might enjoy a romantic mountain cabin in Virginia after a day of hiking in Shenandoah National Park.
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
Wisconsin
When you think “adventure travel” you probably think of far-flung places like Belize and Alaska—not Wisconsin. But if you’re an outdoor adventurer, you’ll find plenty of places to explore in Wisconsin. A vacation in Wisconsin can put you close to the Kettle Moraine State Forest, which has excellent biking trails. Or choose Wisconsin’s Apostle Islands—kayakers will love exploring Lake Superior’s many caves and shipwrecks.
Hawaii
From volcanic landscapes to hidden waterfalls… active adventures to an energetic nightlife… a holiday on the Hawaiian Islands offers infinite experiences in one destination. Each of the six major islands – Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Maui, and the island of Hawaii – has its own distinct personality, but no matter which ones you choose, you’ll discover endless opportunities for adventure, dining, culture and relaxation.
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Washington
South Carolina
South Carolina has some great beaches along its eastern coast. Among the most notable of these is Myrtle Beach, the hub of the grand strand and the largest resort on the east coast of South Carolina. This silky stretch of white sand is great for water-sports such as sailing and surfing. South Carolina is also regarded as one of the top golfing destinations in America. South Carolina has some notable historic towns which are worth visiting such as Charleston.
Montana
No matter where you look in Montana, you’ll find unspoiled nature, charming small towns and relaxing hospitality. Explore Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks, then hit the road to discover more natural wonders. You can hike, bike or horseback ride through rugged mountain landscapes, fly-fish blue ribbon trout streams, paddle scenic rivers and lakes, or spend winter days carving fresh powder at ski resorts — then end your day wandering a vibrant main street or relaxing in a cozy lodge.
Missouri
From the riverboat casinos, breweries and historical neighborhoods in St. Louis and fabulous fountains and barbeque in Kansas City to the “Live Music Show Capital of the World, Branson, to the awesome outdoor lifestyle in the Lake of the Ozarks region, the state offers visitors a seemingly endless line-up of unique vacation experiences. You’re never far from a state park or historic site as there are 85 of them throughout the state. There are 840 miles of trail for hikers, backpackers, bicycle riders, off-road vehicle users and horseback riders. Some of the state’s top attractions include the Gateway Arch and St. Louis Zoo in St. Louis, Cameron Cave in Hannibal, and the American Jazz Museum and Worlds of Fun amusement park in Kansas City. Wine lovers will be pleased to know there are 96 wineries in the state where you can sample wines and take tours. For golfers, the picturesque Lake Ozark region offers play on gems like the Tan-Tar-A Resort Oaks Course and Old Kinderhook. Why not introduce your children to the real world of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn? Visit Hannibal, where your kids can immerse themselves in the world of Mark Twain with a tour of the author’s home, a cruise on the Mississippi River, an exploration excursion of the caves in his books and visits to various historic homes. Other great family-oriented activities throughout the state include hiking the Ozark Trail, splashing at a water park in Branson and visiting the Harry S. Truman home and presidential library in Independence.
Illinois
Maryland
Maryland is known as “America in Miniature” because of its great variations in topography and culture. This makes it a perfect east coat travel destination for those who would like to experience a little bit of everything. From amusement parks, to beaches, to mountains and historical sites, there is plenty to see and do. Each region of Maryland provides its own unique and fun activities to do. If you're headed for some fun in the sun in Ocean City on its eastern coast, be sure not to miss the Ocean City Beach, the Boardwalk, or Trimper's Rides and Amusement Park for an all-ages fun experience. Central Maryland is home to a Six Flags theme park, the Annapolis Golf Club, and countless hubs of art and culture such as the African Art Museum and Annapolis Opera, Inc. Heading to western Maryland? It is perfect for lovers of nature and the outdoors, with the Washington Monument State Park, Wisp Resort ski slopes, and the spectacular Muddy Creek Falls.
Popular Cities
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Orlando
From the Magic Kingdom to magical spa treatments, Orlando sparkles with the promise of adventure. Spend a day exploring the world-famous Disney theme parks or screaming your head off on a Universal Studios roller coaster. For a less adrenaline-pumping afternoon, enjoy the quiet natural beauty of the Harry P. Leu Gardens or enjoy a seaweed scrub at a luxury day spa. Savor fresh and local ingredients at one of Orlando’s James Beard-nominated restaurants.
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Phoenix
Nearly perfect year-round weather and several impeccably designed championship courses have made Phoenix one of the top golf destinations in the world. But there's more to this mild-mannered metropolis than pristine greens and tee times. The greater Phoenix area also offers visitors an array of impressive cultural attractions. Visit the internationally renowned Heard Museum for an in-depth look at Native American history or peruse the fine collection at the Phoenix Museum of Art. Enjoy a ballet performance at the ornate Orpheum Theater or or catch a concert at the state-of-the-art Comerica Theatre. In addition to golf, the city offers access to numerous outdoor endeavors including rock climbing, hot-air ballooning, desert jeep tours and more. Family-friendly attractions, first-rate shopping, dining and entertainment, and spectacular recreational activities make Phoenix a must-visit destination.
Cabo San Lucas
As a well-known destination for both spring breakers and A-list travelers in need of a getaway, Cabo San Lucas has definite vacation cred. The beaches here range in temperament, from the serene waters of the Sea of Cortez and Playa del Amor to the kickin’ waves of Zippers, a surfing paradise. If you care to romp with locals, head to the coves and rock formations of the Cannery beaches. Kids will have a blast communing with the local animals by swimming with dolphins or taking a camel ride through the Desert Park Natural Reserve.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
Palm Desert
Relax and sight-see in this southern Californian oasis. Located in the center of the Coachella Valley, Palm Desert is a vibrant city featuring top notch resorts, world class golfing, shopping, and entertainment that appeals to many types of consumers. Hike, bike or ride horseback through the desert trails. Or, soak in some culture with seasonal festivals, stylish art galleries, and a thriving music and nightlife scene.
Tucson
Although Tucson's fantastic weather, national parks and forests and desert provide the perfect environment for tons of outdoor recreational activities, this city of half a million people also has its share of history and culture. With a history that goes back much further than many of its southwestern neighbors, Tucson boasts turn-of-the-century architecture, historic neighborhoods, museums and the Mission San Xavier del Bac, a still-functioning 18th-century mission considered one of the most beautiful in the U.S. Mexican and Native American influences are pervasive, and the city has a distinctly Western flavor. There's also a college-town atmosphere, thanks to the University of Arizona, which has its own share of museums and a science center. Whether golfing at a world-class golf resort, horseback riding, hiking in the wilderness, discovering desert flora and fauna at the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum or exploring pre-Columbian and other art at the Tucson Art Museum, you'll have a mind-boggling array of things to do.
Naples
Sunny Naples is a popular, sophisticated and charming beach destination on the Gulf of Mexico. It boasts many world-class hotels and resorts along miles of white sand beaches. The ocean surf is gentle and the people are friendly. Shoppers delight in searching for antiques, home furnishings, clothes and jewelry. With its beautiful neighborhoods and grand architecture, the atmosphere is elegant, yet relaxing. Sports enthusiasts spend glorious days pursuing their favorite activity, from golf to tennis to fishing. There are restaurants to suit every taste and budget. Even though it is a busy and cosmopolitan city, Naples offers easy access to secluded islands and the wilderness of the Everglades.
Myrtle Beach
Myrtle Beach is all at once a spring break destination, golfing destination, retirement community, and family vacation spot. Take in a foot-stomping show at the Carolina Opry, or cheer on your favorite knight at Medieval Times. Mingle with the fishermen of Springmaid Pier, then stop for ice cream along the boardwalk. Shop and dine at one of the area’s many outdoor entertainment complexes, or simply explore the many beaches of the Grand Strand – all with a personality of their own.
Tampa
Tampa is a laid-back city with a vibrant arts scene and plenty of opportunities for adventure. Busch Gardens offers thrills for families and risk-averse adrenaline junkies, as does the domed IMAX theater of the Museum of Science and Industry. Spend a day touring Tampa’s many art museums, then cheer on your favorite Tampa Bay team at a home game. Get up close and personal with the majestic lions, tigers, and leopards of the Big Cat Rescue animal sanctuary.
San Diego
San Diego embodies laid-back California culture, complete with a Boardwalk, surfing communities, and outstanding Mexican food. Breathe in the fresh ocean air at Sunset Cliffs Natural Park, then gobble down a fresh fish taco at a La Jolla seafood joint. The naval aircrafts at the USS Midway Museum will have you standing at attention. A free Sunday concert at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion is the perfect way to unwind after a Saturday night bar-hop in the thumping Gaslamp Quarter.
Sedona
Sedona is a true oasis, a vacationer’s paradise in the middle of the Arizona desert. Here, you’ll find resorts and spas, canyons and red rock formations. Bell Rock and Oak Creek Canyon are great hiking spots, and the dramatic architecture of the Chapel of the Holy Cross is a religious experience itself. When the sun dips down below the horizon it introduces the best show in Sedona: the night sky.
Puerto Vallarta
Strolling, shopping, and sipping tequila along the Malecon boardwalk of Puerto Vallarta is the best way to kick off your vacation. Then hit the cobblestone streets of Old Vallarta to browse the flea market for handmade crafts. The calm, warm waters of the Bay of Banderas make for excellent diving, or you can just watch artists sculpt spectacular creations in the sand. The cluster of fine art galleries in El Centro are perfect spots to hit on a self-guided art tour.
Palm Beach
Palm Beach has long lured America's big name social elite, from the Kennedys to the Pulitzers to the Trumps. If you don't have the Jaguar, catch a Palm Tram around the city. Opulent extravagance is the order of the day. But if you can take your eyes off the glittering procession of socialites and the prices at Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago Spa and in Worth Avenue stores, there are plenty of other sights to be seen. Don't miss Henry Morrison Flagler Museum or the hopping nightlife on Clematis Street.
Austin
Live music is the essence of Austin, but it isn’t even close to the whole story. With spectacular entertainment districts, ubiquitous culture and top-notch restaurants, Austin allows you to create your own soundtrack. Austin boasts more than 250 music venues, the world’s first James Beard Award-winning barbeque pitmaster, an eclectic arts scene and the unique migration of 1.5 million Mexican free-tailed bats. Take a look around and put the Live Music Capital of the World on your playlist.
Savannah
Charming Savannah is the picture of antebellum hospitality, thanks to period architecture and oak-lined streets. It’s tempting to spend your trip just relaxing on vast verandas and sipping mint juleps, but there are plenty of historical sites and museums to explore. Haunting (and possibly haunted) Bonaventure Cemetery is one of the hallmarks of the city, featuring beautiful obelisks, masses of flowers, and ivy-covered crypts. Dine on fresh seafood and creamy grits for a taste of Savannah home cooking.
Miami Beach
At the shore in Miami Beach, visitors can swim, surf and jet ski in the warm and crystal-clear Atlantic waters. You can also nap on the white sands, work on a tan or simply watch the beautiful people, especially at South Beach, a favorite of models and celebrities.
Branson
Branson has limitless possibilities for a memorable vacation. While visiting you can: attend star-studded performances at Branson’s many live shows; enjoy Silver Dollar City, one of the world's top theme parks; take in the beauty and adventure of the Ozark Mountains and three pristine lakes; play some of the best golf in the Midwest; visit museums highlighting the area’s rich history and culture; relax at spas and resorts; and shop at Branson’s many boutiques, galleries and outlets.
Belek
Belek, a resort town on the Turkish Riviera, is known for very clean, white-sand beaches surrounded by pine forests. History buffs should plan day trips to the Roman ruins at Perge and the Aspendos amphitheater. Or if you’d prefer a round of golf, bring your clubs—there are excellent courses in the area.
Popular Countries
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Mexico
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
Portugal
Portugal’s Mediterranean charm is most prominent on the golden beaches of the Algarve; in the wilderness of the Azores islands; among the vineyards of Douro Valley; and on the cobbled streets of Lisbon and Porto, where old-world culture meets cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Spain
From sun-drenched archipelagos and bustling urban cities to snowcapped mountains and semi-arid deserts, Spain epitomizes geographical diversity. As the meeting point of the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, this vast country offers some of Europe’s most dramatic landscapes, as well as some of its tastiest cuisine.
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Panama
Türkiye
Risen from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, Türkiye is a land of cities and countryside, of ancient ruins and contemporary culture. Splash around the mud baths of Dalyan or scramble around the volcanic rock of Goreme. Visiting gorgeous Istanbul, of course, is a no-brainer. Whatever you do, don’t ever, ever skip coffee and desserts: enjoying flowery Turkish Delight and achingly flaky baklava is like a vacation for your taste buds.
Canada
World class skiing, decadent European style cuisine, ornamental cathedrals, peaceful island life…Canada is a patchwork of thriving cities and majestic wilderness. Montreal beckons travelers with its French charm and booming cultural landscape. In Toronto, the Art Gallery of Ontario is a vision of Frank Gehry architecture and national artistic treasures. The gleaming mountain ranges of Banff set a stunning backdrop for an exploration of the Canadian Rockies.
Ireland
Woven with wild greenery and Gaelic legends, Ireland is one of Europe’s most prized jewels. Rugged Atlantic beaches and mystery-shrouded sites rub shoulders with the cosmopolitan cities of Belfast and Dublin, where literary history and warm Irish hospitality are always in abundance.
Japan
In the Land of the Rising Sun, ancient temples sit alongside neon wonderlands and shinto shrines offer pockets of peace amid metropolises. Add tea ceremonies, snow monkeys, sushi, kimonos, and karaoke to the mix, and you’ve got one of the world’s most fascinating countries.
Vietnam
The jungles and monsoon forests of Vietnam are diverse ecosystems that are alive with unique wildlife. Trekking is a popular activity here, particularly the mountains of Sapa and the primeval landscape of Cuc Phuong National Park. For a more urban escape, take a guided food tour of Ho Chi Minh City, making sure to squeeze in visits to the historic Hoi Truong Thong Nhat palace and the intricately adorned Emperor Jade Pagoda.
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Philippines
With more than 7,000 islands consisting of rice paddies, volcanos, mega-metropolises, world-class surf spots, and endemic wildlife, the Philippines is one of the most dazzling and diverse countries in all of Asia. Not to mention, it’s home to some of the world’s best beaches, too.
France
There's much more to France than Paris—from the fairy-tale châteaux of the Loire Valley to the lavender fields of Provence, and the French Riviera's celebrity-studded beaches. World-famous gastronomy and fine wines provide the perfect complement to the country's alpine views and architectural masterpieces.
Malaysia
Malaysia is a beautifully complex vacation destination, a land where ancient rainforests give way to multicultural city life. Capital city Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, while in charming Melaka the vibe is more quaint and historical. Many of the country’s national parks offer opportunities for fantastic whitewater rafting, and the exclusive Sipadan dive site (off the east coast of Borneo) is among the best in the world.
South Korea
While only 60 years ago South Korea was considered a developing country, it’s now one of Asia’s economic and cultural leaders. Super-chic Seoul combines modernism with ancient history; coastal Busan serves up rugged beach spots; and Jeju Island wows with volcanic landscapes and towering mountains.
Scotland
Want to trace the footsteps of royalty and clansmen at Edinburgh Castle? Discover the off-the-beaten-track beauty or chat with the locals over a whisky or three in the Highlands? Whether its ancient history, modern art or just the most mouth-watering local cuisine you’re looking for, you can experience them all in Scotland.
Find Golf Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
Oregon Golf Resorts
Maine Golf Resorts
New Jersey Golf Resorts
Massachusetts Golf Resorts
Palm Springs Golf Resorts
San Antonio Golf Resorts
Indiana Golf Resorts
New Hampshire Golf Resorts
Nevada Golf Resorts
Asheville Golf Resorts
Europe
Majorca Golf Resorts
Marbella Golf Resorts
Province of Alicante Golf Resorts
Gran Canaria Golf Resorts
Germany Golf Resorts
United Kingdom Golf Resorts
Bulgaria Golf Resorts
Rome Golf Resorts
Albufeira Golf Resorts
England Golf Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
Playa del Carmen Golf Resorts
Montego Bay Golf Resorts
Cuba Golf Resorts
Antigua Golf Resorts
Curaçao Golf Resorts
Nassau Golf Resorts
Great Exuma Golf Resorts
Anguilla Golf Resorts
La Paz Golf Resorts
San Jose del Cabo Golf Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Pattaya Golf Resorts
New Zealand Golf Resorts
Sri Lanka Golf Resorts
Indonesia Golf Resorts
Bali Golf Resorts
Okinawa Prefecture Golf Resorts
Fiji Golf Resorts
Palawan Island Golf Resorts
Chiang Mai Golf Resorts
Da Nang Golf Resorts
Africa & Middle East
Morocco Golf Resorts
South Africa Golf Resorts
Marrakech Golf Resorts
Egypt Golf Resorts
Seychelles Golf Resorts
United Arab Emirates Golf Resorts
Oman Golf Resorts
Salalah Golf Resorts
Cairo Golf Resorts
Dubai Golf Resorts
Central/South America
Roatan Golf Resorts
Florianopolis Golf Resorts
Province of Guanacaste Golf Resorts
Praia do Forte Golf Resorts
Foz do Iguacu Golf Resorts
Cocle Province Golf Resorts
Porto Seguro Golf Resorts
Armacao dos Buzios Golf Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Reade Tilley
