Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Cruises
Rental Cars
Forums
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoThings to Do in Can ThoCai Rang Floating Market
Cai Rang Floating Market
1,841 reviews
#1 of 38 things to do in Can Tho
Points of Interest & LandmarksFlea & Street Markets
Open now
4:00 AM - 11:00 PM
Write a review
About
Mekong River CruiseCai - Rang Floating Market Tours - Touring a floating market in the Mekong Delta is a box that many travellers to Saigon wish to check, and none are bigger, or more popular than the Can Tho’s Cai Rang Floating Market.The Cai Rang Floating Market, the largest wholesale floating market in the Mekong Delta, starts around 04:00 and runs until 10:00, meaning that you’ll have to get an early start of the day if you want to visit.The market is about six kilometres from Can Tho, or about a 40-minute boat ride. While floating down the river, you get a glimpse of life along its shores. You’ll pass vibrantly painted boats anchored along the shore, merchant vessels carrying loads down the river and houses built on stilts over the water.Once you finally reach the market, it’s an impressive site. A stretch of boats selling all variety of goods lines the river.
Read more
Duration: < 1 hour
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (3,024)
Top ways to experience Cai Rang Floating Market
See all
Recommended
Tours & Sightseeing
Luxury & Special Occasions
Outdoor Activities
Cruises, Sailing & Water Tours
Mekong Delta and Cai Rang Floating Market 5-Hours Tour
94
Full-day Tours
from $32.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Full-day Cai Rang floating market - explore countryside, make bakery - from HCM
32
from $119.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Mekong Delta Explore Cai Rang and Phong Dien Floating Market
121
Adventure Tours
from $45.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Cai Rang floating market, see sunrise, CaCao orchard, small canal
29
Bus Tours
Small-group 2-Day Mekong Delta: Floating market, Cooking Class...
157
Stand Up Paddleboarding
from $170.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
2-Day Mekong Delta with Cai Cang Floating Market from HCM City
19
from $245.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Cycling in the village in Can Tho - countryside bike tour
16
from $55.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
My Tho - Ben Tre - The Upper Mekong River full day trip
3
from $43.59 per adult
The area
46 Hai Ba Trung Near Cai Rang Bridge, Can Tho 900000 Vietnam
Full view
Best nearby
211 within 3 miles
Tomato - Pad Thai
336
0.3 mi$ • Chinese • Asian • Thai
The Lighthouse Can Tho
76
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Mediterranean • European • Asian
Sao Hom
727
0.2 mi$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
Attractions
35 within 6 miles
Ong Temple
155
336 ftPoints of Interest & Landmarks
Can Tho Market
464 ftFlea & Street Markets
Bao An Pagoda
1
0.1 miReligious Sites
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Wayne B
2 contributions
Kelvin is THE BEST guide on The Mekong Delta!!!
Kelvin is THE BEST guide I've ever experienced!!! He is an absolute gem! Kelvin is extremely well suited to lead tours for families with children and grandparents. He is very sweet and thoughtful, lovely company and did everything possible to make our trip comfortable, Kelvin's language skills are brilliant and his local knowledge having lived in the area was priceless, We had an absolutely fantastic day and wouldn't hesitate recommending Kelvin to anyone!
Visited April 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written April 9, 2023
jennie
Denmark21 contributions
So impressive.
The floating market is located on Can Tho River (part of Hau River), Cai Rang District – about 6 km away from the center of Can Tho City in the direction of Soc Trang, or around 45 minutes away from Ninh Kieu Quay by boat. In 2016, Cai Rang Floating Market was recognized as a national intangible cultural heritage. The market was also elected as one of the most impressive markets in the world by UK’s Rough Guide. Once you visit Mekong, floating market is a kind of things should not miss in your travel plan. To experience Cai Rang at its best, get up early and take a boat trip, it is really worth for your day visit.
Written April 21, 2023
Johan
5 contributions
Best trip ever
Our family booked the trip to market via Then, he organised the fantastic trip for us with a lovely and knowledge tourguide. Firstly, Clare came to our hotel to pick up and bring us to a sampan boat, we spent only 2 minutes to get the market with many fruit boats. Our guide bought for us two pineapples, which are so delicious like someone put sugar inside. Then, we also got coffee and noodle souple for breakfast. This is the best breakfast I never have before. Afterthat, we cruised into small wild canals and villages. It is really beautiful with many water hyacinth and watee coconut surrounding. This is the best part of our trip as we met local people who picked up some delicous fruits from their garden for us. Highly recommended mangoateen and star apple for try. Finally, we stopped at cocoa factory and noodle factories. All are awesome. I highly recommened you take the trip with Then (her whatsapp is +83936427369, she is really lovely, knowledged and the trip is comepletely authentic.
Visited June 2023
Traveled with family
Written July 18, 2023
Dorothoong Lis
6 contributions
Lovely trip
We wake up so early to get the market by sampan boat. We cruised into floating market to see many vendor who sell vegetable and fruits like watermelon, pineapple. We do feel the market still really big with around 100 boats selling fruits but quite hard and boring for people staying and sleep on the boat. Our guide said they consider the boat like house so they always live on the boat. I sometimes saw some kids, chickens and televison on their boat, this is so impressing for us. Then, we also go to wild canal, rural villages and visit some factories. The trip is quite expensive but really worth each penny. We have a very small group only four of us, our guide was lovely and wide range of knowledge, he invited so much yummy fruits like jackfruits, mangosteen, pineapple. You can contact with him via Whatsaap +84939480468 to book the lovely trip
Visited May 2023
Written July 20, 2023
teo V
3 contributions
Awesome experiences
We were interested for the trip to this market. Actually, it is a wholesale market with many local merchants from villages coming to buy and sell their fruits like pineapple, watermelon, mango and vegetable. The best part of the market is to see how people live and trade their fruits at middle of river. Additionally, my mom really like to enjoy pineapple, mangosteen and delicious noodle soup (must try all). Finally, our family also visited chocolate factory, noodle village and fruits garden. All were awesome. I highly recommend our lovely guide, he has a wide range of knowledge and so charming (his whatsapp +84936427369)
Visited July 2023
Written July 26, 2023
Brett C
4 contributions
Lovely
Amazing views - slightly more touristy than expected but still worth it. We didn’t opt for a cruise but instead asked an old lady if she would take us for a fraction of the price. I would recommend that visitors ask locals for a tour as opposed to the big tour boats.
Written August 30, 2023
angieng
Sydney, Australia286 contributions
A most memorable family experience
We joined a tour organised by our accommodation to the Cai Rang floating markets. It was perfect for us. We had breakfast on the boat, sampled some pineapple and visited a noodle making factory. It was fascinating to see the way of life for the people and their business. We had a 3 and 6 yo with us and they enjoyed it very much too despite having to sit in the boat for quite some time and waking up at 5.30! An experienced not to be missed if in southern Vietnam!
Visited September 2023
Written September 27, 2023
Bernadina E
7 contributions
Mekong river cruise!
We joined 2 day cruise on a small classic Mekong Eyes cruise from caibe - Cantho. We visited the market before finishing our cruise trip. It's all good. It's not crowded as imagined but till very good to see people trading things on small boats
Visited October 2023
Written October 26, 2023
wy
Auckland, New Zealand23 contributions
Best value private boat trip with a fabulous granny
After comparing prices of private short boat trips (2 hours), ranging from 300k-400k, Miss Loan (WhatsApp ‪+84 90 845 57 18‬) provides boat trips for the best price at 250k. This price is the best because the boat woman is her aunt, so Miss Loan does not charge any commission from her. Miss Loan even picked me up on her scooter, from my hotel near the city centre at 6am, with no additional charge. She dropped me off at Cai Rang, where her aunt’s boat is, and I went on an unguided tour with her aunt, who is a very fabulous granny. The boat is a small boat, looks like it can seat 3 people max (including the boat woman), so I’m not sure if they can seat more passengers or if there will be an increase in price. The boat trip went on a Cai Rang floating market classic route, first stop eat noodle on a boat, second stop small canals, third stop noodle-making workshop, then back. While most tours will tell you this trip is 2-3 hours, if you don’t eat, it’s actually around 1 hour and 25 minutes, which was enough for me. Overall I had a peaceful boat ride with this cute grandma, without a tour guide yapping in the background. After the boat ride, the area where the boat was parked is a large (land) market, which I had a nice time exploring. It was easy to get a grab bike back to the city centre. I highly recommend this boat trip with Miss Loan’s aunt!
Visited November 2023
Traveled solo
Written November 2, 2023
caterina g
Prato, Italy4 contributions
Miss Loan boat trip floating market
We mad a boat trip with Miss Loan and her friend(Loan too). They picked up us at the hotel in the very early morning and we went to Cai Rang floating market. It was an authentic experience, we ate noodles for breakfast, we tasted coffe and fruits and after the trip we met some Loan's friends. They were very sweet and funny and we spend two hours with them in their everyday routine. It was one of the most beautiful human experience we made in Vietnam.
Visited December 2023
Traveled with friends
Written December 4, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Filters
English
Most Recent
Popular mentions
pineapple
small boat
the river
floating market
mekong delta
fruit
tourist boats
early morning
for sale
noodles
noodle factory
boat trip
vietnamese coffee
early start
local guide
private tour
ho chi minh
soup
tourists
cai
breakfast
4.0
Excellent
825
Very good
578
Average
284
Poor
90
Terrible
64
Alison W
barwick, stanhoe21 contributions
0
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Disappointing
Mar 2024 • Couples
Underwhelming and disappointing. There are now only about 40 boats many of whom are larger wholesalers who live on the boats and supply the smaller boats. The guide was far more interesting than the tourist excursion. Most of the trading is done c. 0500. We went at 0700 when it was mostly tourist boats. There is a lot of litter on the banks and the water. This floating market is not what it is hyped up to be. It is only marginally interesting. Still, if you are in the area then you would want to go. I am not sure it was worth the 3.5 hr drive from Saigon even though our hotel on an island was 5*.
Written March 6, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Ilaria B
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Disappointment
Feb 2024 • Couples
wake up at 4.45am, half an hour by boat in the night to go down to a pier where there is a covered market clearly made for tourists. Then we go back as it begins to dawn and on the way back, among boats full of tourists, we perhaps glimpse a couple of boats loaded with fruit. Obviously whoever is driving our boat doesn't even slow down for a moment to let us see this famous floating market. perhaps if we had taken a smaller private boat it would have been better. in any case we found it very disappointing, two hours wasted.
Written February 17, 2024
Getaway213698
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Excellent!!
Nice place to see how trading is done in older days......we took a real small boat with an nice auntie. Boat has a small propeller. We feel so small in the water
Written February 6, 2024
Charlee222
Santa Monica, CA12 contributions
2
It’s not a floating market, it’s people living on fishing boats.
Jan 2024 • Solo
It’s not really a market sadly! I don’t like to gripe, but I feel like (I hope) the tourism board of Can Tho sees this post.
I just completed a five week trip through Southeast Asia, and the whole trip was based around two places… Angkor Wat Cambodia and the Mekong Can Tho (Cai Rang) floating market.
All the other stays were because I took that long 17 hour flight from USA.
I did a lot of work to get to that market, flying into Ho Chi Minh getting through immigration, staying a few nights in the city, hiring a driver for four days to take me through the Mekong. Maybe I was too excited to see what the Internet describes as a floating market. (I did the Bangkok floating market as well. It was more productive, albeit touristy.)

I got up at 4:45, my only night in Can Tho to get down to the boat dock by 5:15 am, because it’s a half hour to get to the “floating market.”
Here’s what I got. Old rundown, fishing boats, choppy water and a sunrise that came and went. There were about three boats that had some pineapples and watermelons. They were all wrapped up in nets and not really photo worthy. It seems like a local could make a lot of money, filling a boat with fresh fruit and flowers and selling it to the tourists. The majority seemed like just fishing boats. They should call this attraction, old fishing boats.
I lost count of how many taxi boats filled with tourists were surrounding these fishing boats, looking for some sort of trade, treat or just a great photo. Considering how many people come to see this attraction maybe they should consider painting their fishing boats to add some color. If I were a local business for Marketing sake, I would invest in a boat put my company name on it fill it with flowers and fruit, and it would go viral with the amount of tourism I experienced. I heard since they built the bridge the market has dwindled. I’m not sure, but I’m thinking the tourism board should invest in encouraging the locals to continue to trade on the boats, repair, paint the boats and add a little life to the scene.
I had to get to the airport by 10 am so I couldn’t do other things on the canal which may have contributed to my
experience, I’m not sure. I’ll never know because I definitely will not go back to that… all of it was a costly mistake. My favorite part of the Mekong was Chau Doc (Tra Su forest and Sam Mountain) and my Guide… it was a long car ride and he made it worthwhile. Thank goodness I had another destination in the Mekong!
I’ve read reviews about the other villages and visits, and I am a bit skeptical. We drove through Sa Dec along the way, and experienced beautiful flower nurseries roadside. I do live in California and have fresh flowers year-round, so maybe I am spoiled. I’m not really sure what everyone is seeing in this region. I did go to the War Rembrance Museum in Ho Chi Minh, and learned about how this area and it residents were all but destroyed during the war, which gave me some compassion and empathy and a little bit of culture. PS I oversaturated the color of my two fishing boat memory of Cai Rang. The naked eye only saw gray and brown.
Written January 29, 2024
Imwata V
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Market with a Mekong cruise
Jan 2024 • Family
We did a cruise trip for 2 days from Caibe. Tour finished in Cantho and we visited the market. I could not see many boats, but good enough to see. People move to live on land and the market is mostly for tourists.
Written January 22, 2024
Maps41751970067
Lisbon, Portugal2 contributions
A waiste of time
Dec 2023 • Solo
Its a big wasting of time. You wake up at 4am to see 2 boats with 2 baskets of fruits around a boat of tourists with 20 people onboard taking pictures to the fruits!? Provably it was interesting in the past but now avoid it.
Written January 10, 2024
James S
Do the Mekong Delta Discovery with Susan Bui
Dec 2023 • Family
My family and I went on this tour while staying with Susan Bui for one night during our trip around Vietnam and Cambodia and it was a highlight of our holiday. We would give Susan 6 stars if we could; we cannot recommend her enough. If you’re thinking of doing the Mekong Delta tour, Susan’s homestay would definitely be worth your while.
Even though Susan’s home is only a short drive (arranged by our host) from Can Tho, it feels entirely different. It’s a great break from the busyness of cities like Ho Chi Minh. Susan’s brother Nick brought us on a (very easy) bike tour of the area, including a stop at the market to buy ingredients for dinner, and it felt like we were seeing the real lives of the locals.
The accommodation itself is great - a very peaceful area, and the rooms were lovely (the mosquito nets were especially appreciated). Preparing and eating dinner together was absolutely enjoyed by all.
Susan’s boat tour down the Hau River in the morning involves an early start (5.30am) but it’s well worth it to see the floating markets at their busiest and to enjoy breakfast on the river. The other stops on the tour were just as interesting, and Susan is a fantastic guide - very informative and engaging.
Easily the best aspect of our experience, however, was Susan’s accommodation of my severe peanut allergy. Travelling in Vietnam can be difficult, because peanuts and peanut oil are so common, so there’s a cultural as well as a language barrier to overcome. The early leg of our trip involved a lot of McDonald’s. Not only did Susan take my allergy into account when providing us with lunch and when we got to make dinner with her, but she also ensured that the restaurant we visited for lunch after the boat trip cooked my meal in a substitute oil. We would recommend Susan’s homestay for everyone, but especially people with food allergies or intolerances. It was great to be able to try Vietnamese cooking without any stress or fear.
Last of all, after we had parted ways with Susan, our bus to HCMC broke down before leaving Can Tho. We got in touch with Susan and she arranged a replacement bus on short notice (on NYE) and had us on the road within 40 minutes of us calling her. She really went above and beyond, and we couldn’t thank her enough.
Tl;dr: if you are interested in doing the Mekong Delta Discovery Tour would highly recommend staying with Susan, especially for those with food allergies.
Review of: Mekong Delta Discovery Day Tour - My Tho - Ben Tre
Written January 2, 2024
Cathryn
Rapid City, SD9 contributions
Mostly for tourists, boring for elementary aged kids.
Interesting if you happen to be in town, but not worth going to Can Tho just for this. Most the locals now go to the land market because bridges were built. These floating market now exist most for tourists. The early morning and to float past boats they couldn’t get in was very frustrating for our elementary aged kids. It was interesting once, but we wouldn’t go back.
Written December 29, 2023
Kaye J
London, UK330 contributions
Very disappointing
Dec 2023 • Friends
so disappointing, if you're coming to Can Tho just to see this I would not bother. Very few boats, obviously just there for tourists.
Written December 26, 2023
Mapiri Q
8 contributions
Floating Market!
We joined the Mekong eyes cruise and visited the market on the 2nd day of the tour. I must say that we had unfogetable experience here. We tried local coffee, tasted fruit and see our merchants selling their local products.
Written December 24, 2023
…
Showing results 1-10 of 1,206
Also popular with travelers
Phong Dien Floating Market
74
Speciality & Gift Shops
Tay Do Night Market
66
Flea & Street Markets
53
Farmers Markets
Can Tho Ecolodge
City Tours • Multi-day Tours
Tra Thai Nguyen - Hai Tra Tan Cuong
Tay Tailor
Cho Xuan Khanh
La Petite France
Can Tho Floating Market
What to pack: sun hats for beach days, long hikes, and everything in between
Sponsored by Tripadvisor
Nike Bucket Hat
30 USD
Sunday Afternoons Hat
40 USD
Roxy Hat
36 USD
Topo Designs Hat
44 USD
REI Hat
45 USD
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Cai Rang Floating Market - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
Frequently Asked Questions about Cai Rang Floating Market
What's the best way to see Cai Rang Floating Market?
What hotels are near Cai Rang Floating Market?
What restaurants are near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Travel Stories
More
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Things to Do in Can Tho
Points of Interest & Landmarks
$32.00
$119.00
$45.00
$170.00
$245.00
$55.00
$43.59
0.3 mi
$ • Chinese • Asian • Thai
0.2 mi
$$ - $$$ • Mediterranean • European • Asian
$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
336 ft
464 ft
0.1 mi
Religious Sites
April 2023
as a couple
Denmark
21 contributions
June 2023
with family
May 2023
July 2023
Sydney, Australia
286 contributions
September 2023
October 2023
Auckland, New Zealand
23 contributions
November 2023
solo
Prato, Italy
December 2023
with friends
Upload a photo
barwick, stanhoe
transparency report
Santa Monica, CA
12 contributions
Lisbon, Portugal
Rapid City, SD
9 contributions
London, UK
330 contributions
