Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Lounge
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Lounge in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Executive Lounge Access
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Executive Lounge Access
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
6 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#15 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view..."
"We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good..."
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
In Hai Phong
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Catba Dung Lien Hotel
11 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#30 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great."
"The hotel was open a week ago Such a great place. The managers are awesome. Right aftet we booked a room he called us to ask about special requests. The rooms are big and new and the hotel is located very close to..."
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Skyrest Cat Ong
#2 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"My holiday was almost perfectly by their operating the bungalow with overseas view where we could have the lovely night together, chilled out on yard with BBQ's friends party and sang karaoke. Our guide whom I've..."
"I would rate 5 stars not because their services worth 5 stars in terms of common ground but because of what we've paid and had lots of fun here with new friends Salsa and Golva. Especially thank to Dan, our..."
Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and toilet..."
"Sadhu garden inn is a bit further from Cat Ba town which can be inconvenient if you don't like to walk 30 minutes for food but the location is right in the nature with mountains around you so very relaxing. They..."
Sunflower International Village
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Top Rated
Alibaba's Hotel
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre..."
"I spent two night at the Alibaba’s hotel and it was all perfect. The room was really big, clean and with an amazing view on the port and the bay. The location it’s really convenient because is one minute walking..."
Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
#3 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying in..."
"Stayed 2 nights at family run Anh Khoi hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice window overlooking Cat Ba bay. We also booked a guided kayaking tour to see the bay. Thanks Vuong for a great and warm..."
Tran Chau Garden home
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a..."
"This is probably the very best place to stay on Cat Ba, situated just a couple of miles outside the town. A dozen cabins furnished in zen-like simplicity surrounding a lovely garden landscape. Peaceful and quiet..."
Lee Apartment & Hotel
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Golden Land Hotel
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and good..."
"Exactly what my partner and I were after, clean and tidy, accurate to what was advertised and the owners were lovely people. The view of the adjacent lush mountain was such a nice surprise, waking up to the sounds..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#56 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
#39 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom..."
"The staff is very nice, the room is clean with good WiFi, hot water and AC. Breakfast could be better (but it's already better than other hotels around). Need to double check the location, because the address is..."
Momizi Hotel Hai Phong
3 reviews
#58 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"that was funny trip , room equipment normal but the staff is good .They are really nice, thought im gona die when i got stomachache but the guy he gave me menth for free and take care me of me .Got dam..n you save..."
"it was a wonderful trip，thought I was alone in Vietnam，but I stayed with the hotel staffs a lot，we talked and ate，I didn't feel lonely.The staff can speak English is really good，I have stayed at the hotel above 30..."
Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
2 reviews
#40 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here..."
Roygent Parks Hai Phong
#60 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
8 reviews
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
#36 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included..."
"This is an old hotel at the end of the main strip of Cat Ba Town. It is an old outdated hotel, but the Reception lady was very helpful and most polite and courteous. So is the lady in charge of motorbike rental from..."
Hai Phong Star Hotel
#62 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I have stayed there for 2 months and I love it. Honestly, it's not the kind of luxury hotel you would expected if you are into suite hotel. However, you ought to love the tranquil atmosphere of this place. At first..."
"Stayed here for over an year on a long term rental arrangement. The hotel is a bit old but rooms are spacious and clean. There is a nice garden to walk around in the premises. There is a Tennis court to play inside..."
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
#41 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely..."
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
Lynh's Villa
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you were..."
"Positives Beautiful building Wonderful staff Large spacious clean rooms Netflix flatscreen tv Good shower comfortable bed Excellent roof top pool Bad points No room safe No tea or coffee facilities in room..."
Ngoc Han Hotel
54.3 miles from Hai Phong
#43 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel is on the front on the quiet part of the town near the market so no noisey bars near by. We had a great view over the bay from our balcony Clean rooms with WiFi and air con. Great family run..."
The Opera Hotel Hai Phong
#71 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We flew from Hoi An in Central Vietnam to Haiphong, thinking that we could get to Halong Bay faster than flying through Hanoi. Big mistake. First off, the hotel--what can you really expect for $20/night? The..."
"I'm sorry but I can't remember what the name has changed to, but obviously the location is the same. The hotel is in a beautiful colonial building with high ceilings. The staff are really genuine. The porter would..."
Cat Ba Boutique Inn
1 review
#48 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality"
The Shine Hotel
#74 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
Hotels with Lounge nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Lounge
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Seoul
Seoul is the business and cultural hub of South Korea, where skyscrapers tower over Buddhist temples. Take it all in from the N Seoul Tower, built atop a peak in Namsan Park. The teahouses and shops of Insadong give you a taste of Korean flavor, which you can further experience with a visit to the grounds and museums of Gyeongbokgung. UNESCO World Heritage Site Changdeokgung Palace is a fine example of authentic ancient architecture.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Sydney
Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary Art. The views from the Sydney Tower Eye observatory are epic – use this chance to get to know the layout of the city from high above.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with lounge
What are the best hotels with lounge in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that have a family room?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
