Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsCheap Hotels in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Halong Bay
Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
10 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
1. CityBay Palace Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
84 reviews
#1 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
2. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#2 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
3. Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
#3 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
4. Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#4 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
5. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#5 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
6. Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
#6 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
7. Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#7 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
8. Sunlight Hotel
2 reviews
#8 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
9. Bach Dang Hotel
10 reviews
#9 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
10. Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#10 Best Value of 10 Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Nanto
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Top Rated
2023
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10% discount.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver..."
"The massage they had in their spa-section was also really cheap and good btw!"
More reviews
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
11.1 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from..."
"Our host was amazing. He took care of all of our meals, outings, and transportation. We were afraid it would be hard to get there but he helped us with each step of the way. He arraigned a bus that picked us up our..."
Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
"My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights. Check in was easy and the room was spacious and clean. We had a beautiful sea view in our 3rd floor room. The hotel is very central with easy access to everything we..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
"Hello travelers, We searched for a beach resort at cat ba. The sunrise is a quite good choice, but it is a public beach. In the early morning and evening, the beach is crowed! The hotel makes advertisement with..."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Comfortable, clean and affordable hotel with a great location and very helpful staff."
"Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally ok..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
12.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
16.7 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The breakfast buffet was delicious and the sea view from window were so affordable!!"
"Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
24.0 miles from Halong Bay
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
17.4 miles from Halong Bay
#50 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!"
"We came here with a two day tour and extended our stay in the resort by three nights. Ocean Tours is very well organised, so everything went smoothly. We went kayaking (day one, in Halong Bay) and cycling (day two..."
Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
#116 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast..."
"Room looked ok but the beds had obviously not been cleaned since the last guests. Felt very dirty. Breakfast was very basic (bread, jam and option for eggs). Did the job for an overnight stay but I wouldn't choose..."
Ngoc Lan Ahn
9 reviews
#62 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English, got..."
"Our visit at the island was a two-day trip. Thanks God we stayed at this hotel only for one night! At the harbor we met our driver who, without any word, took us to the hotel. As a part of the tour we also had a..."
Monte Carlo Hotel
22.1 miles from Halong Bay
#90 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Positives - woman at the front desk was VERY helpful in escorting me to my room, setting up a breakfast in bed for me in the morning and ordering me a car from hotel to ferry port. Location is very close to airport..."
"Large rooms generally pretty clean. Odd smell though. Western bathrooms clean. Not super clean, just got k. Internet access and computer in room. But computer had so many viruses I did not use. I would not..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
"I stayed here for one night with my friends, price of room is not cheaper than other 5 star resort. However, service was unbelievable, from reception to restaurant I would say for 3 star only. The way they talk and..."
Princess Hotel Haiphong
14 reviews
22.5 miles from Halong Bay
#78 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"It is the first time that i stayed in hai phong, not because i wanted but buy chance. Also the choice of princess hotel was by chance. Drive along hai phong to look for a nice hotel,so i found it! Happy to have made..."
"This hotel is a standard one ... nothing special ,nice room and Clean ,the restaurant is too expensive and the food is not so good . The zone where the hotel is located is a Good zone , shopping center and some..."
Monaco Hotel
40 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#85 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Got rooms with windows. Hard bed. Friends room had really strong smoke smell. If walk in booking, ask to see (smell) the room before booking and see if the room has a window. The room we had was fine no smell..."
"Nice and Clean hotel. The Beds are a bit hard. But the room have a decent size. Its quite affordable. There wasnt much to do around but it was night stay on my way to Cat Ba island. The staff have difficulty in..."
Bank Star Hotel
3 reviews
23.4 miles from Halong Bay
#95 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"At first, little bit disappointed by the exterior. Room was cheap but very big with additional livong room. Couldn't find a better deal in this area. "
"Our family stayed here three times. It's a very good hotel, good price and has a great restaurant. Possibly, this is due to favourable rate that my friend who work for Vietinbank booked for us. Even the full price..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Cheap Hotels information
Cheap Hotels Halong Bay
10
Cheap Hotels Prices From
$16
Cheap Hotels Reviews
287
Cheap Hotels Photos
343
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best cheap hotels in Halong Bay?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have a family room?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a bar or lounge on-site?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay offer room service?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have dry cleaning services?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
10 of 474
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10% discount.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver...
Very nice staff and very helpfull.. explained about the nearby places to visit and easy way to travel according to convenience.. very nice food at the restaurant and 10%
discount
.. contact Chen at front desk.. ver...
The massage they had in their spa-section was also really cheap and good btw!
The massage they had in their spa-section was also really
cheap
and good btw!
Comfortable, clean and affordable hotel with a great location and very helpful staff.
Comfortable, clean and
affordable hotel
with a great location and very helpful staff.
The breakfast buffet was delicious and the sea view from window were so affordable!!
The breakfast buffet was delicious and the sea view from window were so
affordable
!!
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
