Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayAdrenaline & extreme tours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Adrenaline & Extreme Tours
Adrenaline & Extreme Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Adrenaline & Extreme Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Italian
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Special offers
Special Offers
560 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,621
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
197
4WD Tours
6+ hours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$29
3. LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
3 days
Take your time exploring UNESCO-listed Halong Bay on a comfortable 3-day cruise. Each en-suite room comes with a En-suite…
$319
4. Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Cable Car Tours
Many options at this tour if you click and check availability. We have tours to Lan Ha Bay, Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay. # …
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$299
5. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
Bus Tours
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
6. Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
28
Lunch Cruises
6–12 hours
Our Halong day cruise covers all important activities include kayking, visit most famous places and lunch, ideal option …
$39
7. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$126
8. Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
11
Heritage Cruises introduces the first Vietnamese heritage and boutique cruise on the Red River and the Gulf of Tonkin. Our…
Recommended by 90% of travelers
$300
9. BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
6
Enjoy an intimate cruise through the picturesque Ha Long Bay on boutique boats and modern cruise cruises appeals to culture…
$135
10. Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
Airboat Tours
8–12 hours
#####Trip Highlights for HALONG BAY ITINERARY - Visit Sung Sot cave - biggest cave in Halong Bay - Visit Titop Island - …
Taking safety measures
$60
11. Ambassador Cruise Luxury Day Trip From Hanoi by Expressway
Ambassador Cruise II is the first and largest 5-star day cruise in Halong Bay. The ship is elegantly designed and possesses…
12. TOP TIER: 3 DAYS/2 NIGHTS tours- LIKE ABOSS on beautiful cruises
24
Option 1) If you book 2 nights in Halong bay - Sung Sot cave, walk in-hike up cave - Ti Top island: hike up, subathing…
13. Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
3
7–12 hours
Jade Sails is Top Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay offer riding highest luxurious comfort limousine via new expressway…
$110
14. Jade Sails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Tour In Halong Bay
7
Welcome to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury cruise service of the highest…
15. Private Transfer from Ninh Binh to Halong or Halong to Ninh Binh
4
2–3 hours
Our vehicle with experienced driver speaking basic English is the best choice for your trip. The professional transfer service…
$115
per group
16. Halong Bay 2D1N With Transfer To/From Hanoi - Overnight On Cruise
14
Caving
A good choice for those who want to enjoy Halong Bay with nice experience. We offer from 3-star to 5-star cruise with friendly…
$127
17. DELUXE Halong Bay Full Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2022-2023
176
6–13 hours
If style and speed are important to you, experience the spectacular marine landscapes of Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay on the…
$40
18. From Hanoi: Halong Bay by Scenic Seaplane and Luxury Day Cruise
The only way to truly appreciate the magnificent scenery of Ha Long Bay is by scenic flight. During the flight, you'll get…
$230
19. Jadesails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
5
JADESAILS CRUISE- THE MOST LUXURIOUS DAY TOUR IN HALONG BAY & LAN HA BAY HIGHLIGHTS: -02 hours riding with Luxurious comfort…
20. Halong Bay Heritage 1 Day Tour with Scenic Sky Seaplane & Cruise
6–7 hours
Halong Bay Day Tour with Seaplane and Luxury Cruise is a great way to experience Halong Bay. Flying over the picturesque…
$185
21. Jade Sails Luxury Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay 1 Day Cruise from Hanoi
Jade Sails Cruise welcome you to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury cruise…
$101
22. Luxury Halong Bay Day Cruise With GREAT Boat, Meal & Service
If you are searching for a Luxury Halong Bay Day Cruise or Lan Ha Bay Day Cruise, this tour will be a best option for you…
$108
23. Dora Cruise - Luxury 5 Star Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay (2D1N)
31
Dora Cruise is steel-hulled which ensure safety for clients. With 22 fully equipped luxurious cabins with private balcony…
$199
24. Sapphire Cruise 3 Days Tour into Halong Bay (2 Nights on Boat )
9
Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay are two water paradises in the top 10 most spectacular beautiful water bays in the world. As a…
$315
25. LUXURY TRIP of LIFETIME-NO FUN-NO PAY-Halong-All inclusive-2d/1n
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours, WE GOT MANY BOOKINGS FOR THIS TOUR daily and all travelers…
$189
26. Dora Cruise Luxury 5 Star in Halong & Lan Ha Bay 2 Days 1 Night
16
Dora Cruise is one of the most luxurious 5-star cruises available for visiting Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay – symbols of the…
$205
27. Halong Bay and Cave Full-Day Cruise,Lunch,Cave,Island,Beach from Hanoi
22
Halong Bay Day Cruise is a perfect option for busy travelers who have limitted time but still want to get a glance of the…
$45
28. Amazing Cruise - Luxury Day Tour from Ha Long Bay
7–13 hours
*Admire stunning scenery with thousands of limestone mountains at Halong Bay * Explore the secrets of Vietnamese cuisine…
$70
29. Stellar of the Seas Cruise Halong Bay 3Days 2Night on 5 Star Cruise
Adventure Tours
Enjoy great time for Halong Bay on "SUPER LUXURY CRUISE Style" Kayaking and swimming around beach Great and high quality…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$667
30. Sea Octopus Cruise - The Top Luxury Day Tour in Halong Bay
2
Kayaking Tours
Sea Octopus was named after the symbol of this Halong's specialty with the mission of bringing visitors to the Bay an unforgettable…
$75
1
…
Showing results 1-30 of 560
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Lovi N
1 contribution
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Written March 8, 2024
Илья Ф
Great trip
It was really wonderful, food was beautiful, staff are very friendly. Ship and rooms was clean . A lot of activities
Review of: LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
Written January 22, 2024
Ian
United States2 contributions
Amazing!!
Awesome tour make sure you do 2 nights! You won’t regret !! I will be back on day that’s for sure
Really loved every minute ..
Review of: Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
Written January 27, 2024
GoPlaces57812029474
Melbourne, Australia2 contributions
Halong Bay Cruise
We really loved this cruise and would definitely recommend it to all our friends and family! The staff were so kind and accomodating, they even upgraded our room for free and helped us with whatever we needed. Our room came with our own private balcony and a jacuzzi. The food on board was spectacular, with lunch and dinner having multiple courses. The boat and the room was very clean and well kept. It was super fun doing the activities and we took full advantage of them.
Read more
Review of: LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
Written January 23, 2024
jjlimbw
Singapore, Singapore5 contributions
Highly recommended Tour Guide Mr Ben
I brought my dad (with knee cap problem) and a hearing impaired brother to Halong Bay. My tour guide Mr Ben was very caring, noted on my dad n bro special needs. He is professional and humourous. Mr Ben is friendly and helpful. He steered the tour with great knowledge and made the trip comfortable and memorable. We enjoyed ourselves during our full day Halong Bay day trip.
Review of: Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
Written February 16, 2024
Scenic33275076307
Wonderful 😍😍
It was wonderful , halong bay is a beautiful area and tour guide was very helpful.

Cuuse was also good, food was also gud
Thanks Mr T
Review of: Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
SandraDee_22
Reidsville, NC112 contributions
Amazing experience.
Our family really enjoyed the Halong Bay cruise experience. On the ship we enjoyed a large private balcony, open bar at happy hour, an amazing bicycle ride to a lovely Thai village where we enjoyed a fish massage. I won’t explain-it would ruin the fun. Just do it! The staff on board was great. Special thanks to John, Danielle, Mac, Ngoc and Xenia. ! We kayaked and went to the beach. The meals were amazing and the staff dealt well with our dood allergies and preferences.
Review of: Heritage Cruises Best Luxury Cruise to Halong and Lan Ha Bay 2D1N
Written January 9, 2024
kaymistry21
London, UK18 contributions
Great staff and amazing service
I went as a solo traveller and was not keen to do everything but the great manage Ha made me so comfortable said what ever l want to do. Also I’m a very fussy eater and could not eat first night but they adapted to make it to my liking the next day and it was beautiful, Ha the manager is great and the staff are amazing, nothing is too much. The day l didn’t do the trip the staff member brought me my breakfast I’m my room, did so much to make me comfortable and so create full.
Review of: BOUTIQUE CRUISES Halong Bay 2 Days,1 Night Tour: Swimming,Caving, and Kayaking
Written October 10, 2023
Chuk Kwan N
Nice and wonderful trip!
Nice and wonderful trip! Good scenery! The schedule was well arranged. Mr. Lee, the tourist guide, was excellent, friendly and very helpful. We enjoyed the trip very much!
Review of: Full Day-All Inclusive: Halong Bay-Lan Ha Bay-Bai Tu Long Bay
Written December 12, 2023
Shehan P
3 contributions
Ha long bay cruise
Spectacular views good service well organised between activities. Good food.
Amazing crew very helpful staff. Overall great experience.
Review of: TOP TIER: 3 DAYS/2 NIGHTS tours- LIKE ABOSS on beautiful cruises
Pushkar Raj
Bengaluru, India3 contributions
Day trip to halong bay and Lan Ha Bay
Serene surroundings ,natures hues at its best .Must do activity. The jade sails staff of VInny,Quin, Huong made it very informative and comfortable
Review of: Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
Written February 9, 2024
Fleur A
6 contributions
The best day in Vietnam (despite the rain!)
So glad I did research and booked Jade Sails for a 1 day cruise to Ha Long Bay recently from Hanoi. Everything about this day was brilliant thanks to the incredible team (Vinny, Jenni etc).
It is a long day, but a good one. The pickup was on time and very much a luxury small bus with added touches (water, wifi etc). Tea is offered on arrival to the marina, with boarding shortly after. There was only 17 on our boat on this particular day with pretty heavy rain on and off. None the less, there was lots to see and learn. Vinny provided a great overview of the day, and answered questions throughout the day.
The lunch provided was good and thank you to the team for catering to my last minute request brilliantly. The cave tour and kayaking were fun, and the cooking demonstration capped off a great day. Due to the rain we were running early and skipped the full afternoon sunset party but I dont think that dampened the day in any way. Transport back was efficient.
I was a bit hesitant booking just a day trip for Ha Long Bay, thinking it would be hard to fit a good experience in (as opposed to overnight), but SO glad i got a wonderful experience thanks to Jade Sails cruise. Highly recommend!
Review of: Jade Sails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Tour In Halong Bay
Peter K
Nice comfortable car
We had a nice comfortable car,. The driver took us on a quick no fuss route and got us to our destination right on time.
The driver had limited English but gave us a few pointers of places to go in Nigh Binh in the evening.
I will be using this company again to arrange our travels around Vietnam.
Review of: Private Transfer from Ninh Binh to Halong or Halong to Ninh Binh
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for adrenaline & extreme tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for adrenaline & extreme tours in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Adrenaline & extreme tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Melbourne, Australia
Singapore, Singapore
5 contributions
Reidsville, NC
112 contributions
London, UK
18 contributions
Bengaluru, India
