One you. Multiple experiences. Exceptional benefits.
Dreaming of your next beach getaway? Raring to go on an action-packed urban adventure? Get ready to experience the best of what Asia has to offer in Thailand, South Korea, Vietnam, and Singapore while earning points and enjoying exclusive benefits.
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Quang Tri Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Tri ProvinceThings to Do in Quang Tri Province
Things to Do in Quang Tri Province, Vietnam - Quang Tri Province Attractions
Things to Do in Quang Tri Province
Explore popular experiences
See what other travelers like to do, based on ratings and number of bookings.
See All
Top Picks
Day Trips & Excursions (41)
Cultural & Theme Tours (42)
Full-day Tours (30)
Private & Custom Tours (46)
Luxury & Special Occasions (16)
Multi-day & Extended Tours (13)
Walking & Biking Tours (11)
Ports of Call Tours (7)
Extreme Sports (6)
Transfers & Ground Transport (6)
Sporting Events (5)
Water Tours (1)
Popular Cities in Quang Tri Province
Dong Ha
Quang Tri Province, Vietnam
Khe Sanh
Vinh Linh
Quang Tri
Day Trips
From quick jaunts to full-day outings.
See all
DMZ TOUR HUE - Deluxe group tour full day
116
Historical Tours
from $52 per adult
Dmz tour from Hue - Vinh Moc tunnels car tour
168
from $75 per adult (price varies by group size)
Dmz tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base
73
from $92 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ TOUR FROM HUE - Deluxe private tour fullday
2
from $87 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ with EasyRider - 1 Day
12
from $47 per adult
PRIVATE DMZ Tour from Hue - Half Day - Vinh Moc Tunnels
5
from $72 per adult (price varies by group size)
Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
4
from $100 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ Tour from Hue City, Vietnam
3
from $385 per group (up to 2)
Da Nang to Phong Nha Private Car and versa way
Full-day Tours
from $195 per group (up to 3)
Full Day Tour (hue – Vinh Moc Tunnel – Khe Sanh –hue)
4WD Tours
from $85 per adult (price varies by group size)
Vietnam DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels ) Half Day from Hue
from $99 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ HALF DAY TOUR: Vinh Moc Tunnels
from $80 per adult
DMZ - Small Group Tour from Hue City!
from $57 per adult
Dong Hoi to Hue Private Car Transfer
from $125 per group (up to 3)
Hue - Phong Nha by Private Car Transfer with DMZ Tour
Bus Tours
from $71 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Combat Base) Full Day Tour From Hue
from $140 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue-Vinh Moc Tunnel-Phong Nha drop off or vice versa, cheapest car option
1
from $80 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Half Day Hue to Vinh Moc Tunnels(Vietnam DMZ)
Demilitarized zone tour from Hue
from $144 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ Private Tour to Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Base
from $79 per adult (price varies by group size)
Top Attractions in Quang Tri Province
Map
These rankings are informed by traveler reviews—we consider the quality, quantity, recency, consistency of reviews, and the number of page views over time.
1. Vinh Moc Tunnel
365
Points of Interest & Landmarks
By Cookiewankanobi
Bring your own light if you want to go out of the lit tunnels to explore more....
See ways to experience (53)
2. Khe Sanh Combat Base
135
Historic Sites
Khe Sanh Combat Base will bring you experiences about the Vietnam War, especially DMZ Tours in Quang Tri Province.
See full details
See ways to experience (23)
3. Mine Action Visitor Center
62
Visitor Centers
Located in Dong Ha City, Quang Tri Province, Vietnam with easy access for tourist buses, the Center serves as an ideal quick-stop for international and national DMZ visitors to refresh before continuing their journey to former areas of operations and other historic relics in Quang Tri province. Visitors to the Center will view exhibits, documentaries, images, and facts and figures that depict the fierceness of the war and its devastating impact on the land and people of Quang Tri. Tourists and students, veterans delegations and others will learn about efforts of government authorities, local residents, and international organizations to address the Explosive Remnants of War or ERW problem since the war ended. Visitors will also be provided opportunities to contribute to mine action activities that help the people and the land of Quang Tri continue on their path of recovery, after enduring many years of pain and loss from the war. The Center is open from 08:00 a.M. To 05:00 p.M. On weekdays, on weekend days, please contact in advance for visit arrangement. No admission fees will be charged.
4. Cua Viet Beach
23
Beaches
By jengadie
The beach was not crowded, white sand, and friendly folks. There are stores nearby where you can buy food and snacks...
See way to experience (1)
5. Mai Xa Village
15
Historic Walking Areas
By Louga925
The public transportation is a big problem for this village. You need to provide your own means if you want to visit.
6. Quang Tri Citadel
18
Battlefields
Quang Tri is a city in Quang Tri Province in the North Central Coast region of Vietnam. It is second of two municipalities in the province after the provincial capital Đong Ha. During the Vietnam War, when the province was the South's border with North Vietnam, it suffered a major attack in the January 1968 Tet Offensive and it was the only South Vietnamese provincial capital to be captured by th
See ways to experience (11)
7. Cua Tung Beach
7
By HollyR56
We had a fantastic fresh squid stir fry with onions and pineapple and steamed shrimp with lime, pepper and salt for...
8. Quang Tri Museum
Military Museums
By robyBNL
And also the museum itself, everything clean, all rooms hat the lights on and almost all information was translated. A...
9. Dong Ha Market
13
Flea & Street Markets
By LoveP367
The clothes shop and the shoes shops are on the second floor, you can bargain. Recommend here.
10. Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery
Cemeteries
See ways to experience (2)
11. Mui Treo
12. Bodhi School
Learn how recommendations for the rest of the page are selected
Cultural & Theme Tours
Vietnam DMZ Day Trip from Hue
from $107 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ho Chi Minh Trail Loop - Explore rural Central Vietnam
Adventure Tours
from $179 per adult
Dmz (vinh Moc Tunnel - Khe Sanh Combat Base) Private Car From Hue City
from $109 per group (up to 3)
Phong Nha-DMZ Vinh Moc Tunnels- Hue- Da Nang- Hoi An 3 days 2nights
from $179 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) Private Tour from Hue City
THREE-DAY HUE, VINH MOC & PARADISE CAVE TOUR FROM Hoi An
from $553 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ - Private Guided Tour from Da Nang- Hoi An City or Hue City
from $219 per adult
DMZ private tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base from Hue
from $125 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue City to Vietnam DMZ Full Day Private Tour
from $130 per adult (price varies by group size)
Phong Nha to Hoi An by Private Car
from $136 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hoi an to Khe Sanh Combat Base( Vietnam DMZ) Private Tour
from $250 per adult
DMZ FULL DAY TOUR: Vinh Moc Tunnels & Khe Sanh Combat Base
from $93 per adult
Private & Custom Tours
Phong Nha To Hue 2 Days 1night
32
Overnight Tours
from $172 per adult
Phong Nha to Hoi An with Mr T Easy Rider
from $240 per adult
Luxury & Special Occasions
Two-Day Hue Heritage & DMZ from Hoi An
from $319 per adult (price varies by group size)
Full-day DMZ TOUR from HUE CITY
from $102 per adult (price varies by group size)
Three-Day Hue, Vinh Moc & Paradise Cave Tour from Da Nang
from $559 per adult (price varies by group size)
Two-Day Hue Tour including the DMZ from Da Nang
from $294 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue to Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Combat Base(Vietnam DMZ)
from $120 per adult (price varies by group size)
DMZ TRIP with English Speaking Driver from Hue City
from $65 per adult
Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue- Vinh Moc Tunnels by CAR
from $73 per adult (price varies by group size)
TWO-DAY TO PARADISE CAVE AND VINH MOC TUNNELS from HUE CITY
from $266 per adult (price varies by group size)
Multi-day & Extended Tours
Explore 6 Days Da Nang, Hue, Hoi An with Private Car Driver Only
from $260 per adult (price varies by group size)
Easy Rider DMZ Vinh Moc Tunnel Tour 1 day from Hue City
from $67 per adult
Best Central Vietnam Tour in 7 days
from $650 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private tour Hoi An - Hue - Phong Nha in 3 days
from $330 per adult (price varies by group size)
Walking & Biking Tours
Full Day Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
DMZ Tour from Hue
from $86 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ports of Call Tours
Private Tour Vinh Moc Tunnels & Khe Sanh Combat Base from Hue
from $211 per adult
Extreme Sports
Private DMZ Historic Tour
from $195 per adult (price varies by group size)
What travelers are saying
naz
13 contributions
0
Must visit for those interested in recent history
Must visit for the story of Vietnamese people's creativity and resilience in the face of American attempt at domination and aggression.
Review of: Vinh Moc Tunnel
Written March 3, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Tmg C
15 contributions
Very unique experience
A very unique insight on how the former US soldiers lived. Although the place needs more maintenance it is still a great experience
Review of: Khe Sanh Combat Base
Written June 1, 2023
Richard
United Kingdom8 contributions
EXCELLENT VISIT
A thought provoking museum, made even more interesting by our discussion with Phu, the manager, who was an excellent English speaker .
Review of: Mine Action Visitor Center
Written December 8, 2022
Lê Phước Nguyên
Quang Tri Province, Vietnam6 contributions
Nice beach!
The beach are beautiful! Water is clear. But in the sand far from the water, you will see some trash. Restaurant here are good. Some are bad and the food are not delicious, but the most are good. I think the best restaurant here is Sóng Biển. I rate it 9.5/10. You should visit here!
Review of: Cua Viet Beach
Written May 28, 2023
Mrtaiemmx
Los Angeles, CA4 contributions
Not bad place to visit!
Beautiful village to visit, not far from Dong Ha or Vinh Moc tunnel. Here, we can enjoy local food, good and cheap! We hope to come back again as this time we were rather hurry.
Review of: Mai Xa Village
Written October 30, 2022
Tony Le
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam671 contributions
Quảng Trị Citadel: historical evidence
Quang Tri Citadel,

- According to documents, at the beginning of Gia Long period, Quang Tri citadel was built in Tien Kien ward (Trieu Thanh - Trieu Phong), in 1809, King Gia Long moved to Thach Han commune (nowadays, belonging to Ward 2, Quang Tri town).
- The citadel was initially built with soil, and in 1837 Minh Mang king rebuilt it with bricks. The citadel has a square shape, the circumference of the walls is more than 2,000 m, 4 m high, 12 m thicker underfoot, surrounded by a trench system, four corners of the citadel are four fortresses jutting out. The citadel was built in the style of Vietnam stronghold with square walls surrounded by large bricks; Adhesive by lime, molasses and some other additives in folk. There are four main gates in the east, west, south and north.
- In the years 1809-1945, the Nguyen Dynasty took it as a military stronghold and an administrative headquarters. Since 1929, France has built a prison here and turned it into a place to detain those who have opposite political views.
- There were big battles here during the Vietnam War in 1968 and 1972. After the citadel campaign "Spring - Summer campaign 1972", the whole citadel was almost flattened; only one door of the East was left in its original shape and several sections of citadel walls and outer ditches were covered with trenches.
- In the 90s of the 20th century, the People's Committee of Quang Tri Province rebuilt the citadel to make a relic. A few sections of the city wall were restored, the four main gates were rebuilt, in the center of the cittadel was built a memorial marking 81 days and nights in 1972. The southwest corner erected a Modern house as a museum. All roads leading to the ruins and the interior of the Old Citadel are covered with cement, except for grass. Quang Tri citadel is considered by the people in the area as "Spiritual Land" because here any inch of land has bombs and blood and bones of soldiers on both sides.
Read more
Review of: Quang Tri Citadel
Written July 13, 2020
Holly R
Chapel Hill, NC1,060 contributions
Scenic Fishing Beach
We stopped here to both have lunch and to observe the fisherman who were pulling our lunch out of the water almost as we waited. We ate at a small restaurant, Ha Nam, with some picnic tables that overlooked the beach. Our guide told us that this beach, which has some older looking highrises on one side along with smaller store fronts, is very popular with Vietnamese families during the summer season. There was a line of open-sided picnic areas along the beach, but we were the only people eating there in January.
We had a fantastic fresh squid stir fry with onions and pineapple and steamed shrimp with lime, pepper and salt for dipping. Very simple and very fresh.
Later we walked along the beach area and watched the fisherman hauling in their nets, catch and the heavy bamboo coracles that they still use for fishing. A group of women were waiting/napping for the fisherman to come and sell their wares.
Review of: Cua Tung Beach
Written February 2, 2019
Tabetha C
Louth, UK324 contributions
Decent museum
We went in and it was really quiet! No one asked us to pay so we walked around for free! Winner!
The museum wasn't massive but quite sweet and some pretty good displays.
Review of: Quang Tri Museum
Written March 2, 2017
Matt S
London, UK362 contributions
A market for locals which will numb your senses
This is a market where locals buy and ply their wares. Be prepared to destroy your sense of smell when walking through the fish or meat sections. Enjoyed seeing how they buy and sell but you get hassled as a foreigner and there’s not really a lot for foreigners to buy.
An experience to behold.
Review of: Dong Ha Market
Written May 11, 2018
Lalit Surjan
Raipur, India252 contributions
Homage To Soldiers
This is a place where more than 10,000 Vietnamese soldiers are buried. They fought American army and sacrificed their lives to gain independence. It is a pilgrimage site for all those who cherish freedom and liberty. For me and my friends it was a poignant moment to offer our tributes to the war heroes.
Review of: Truong Son Martyrs' Cemetery
Written May 29, 2018
Frequently Asked Questions about Quang Tri Province
What are the top attractions to visit in Quang Tri Province?
What are the best outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province?
What are the best day trips from Quang Tri Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
$52
$75
$92
$87
$47
$72
$100
$385
$195
$85
$99
$80
$57
$125
$71
$140
$144
$79
rankings
Cookiewankanobi
jengadie
Louga925
HollyR56
robyBNL
LoveP367
$107
$179
$109
$553
$219
$130
$136
$250
$93
$172
$240
$319
$102
$559
$294
$120
$65
$73
$266
$260
$67
$650
$330
$86
$211
United Kingdom
8 contributions
6 contributions
Los Angeles, CA
4 contributions
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
671 contributions
Chapel Hill, NC
1,060 contributions
Louth, UK
324 contributions
London, UK
362 contributions
Raipur, India
252 contributions
