Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Mai' House
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
Hung Thinh Hotel
So 99 Motel
330 Guesthouse
Motel Thanh Hang
Amazon 1 Hostel
12 reviews
#25 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The hostel is great. I really love the balcony where you can enjoy drinks and snacks. Close to the Ninh Kieu riverside where you can find all kinds of restaurants and coffee shops, night market. However the water..."
"I stay here 2 nights in a dorm bed. Cannot ask for more for a budget travel, if you just need a place that centered and cheap just to sleep over this could be one choice. I would recommend the bed giving a lightly..."
Hotel Phúc Long
Thien Loc Phat Hotel
Mid Night
Latos Homestay
Lion 3 Hotel
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#32 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
Nam Do Hotel
Ha Phuong Hotel
1 review
#80 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Rich Hotel
#81 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"A lot of noise from other people during the whole nights. Also not clean in the bathroom and no cleaning service during our stay. No English speaking skills on the reception. Not able to book Tickets for bus..."
Xuan Mai Hotel III
23 reviews
#50 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stay in the hotel because it was included in a tour to Mekong. The rooms are clean but is very basic. For one night on route is enough but for nothing more. The breakfast was basic too (omelette with bread and..."
"We booked this hotel one day in advance for two nights but we were told after arrival that the owner did not chceck bookings and overbooked the hotel. So there was no room for us on the second night despite..."
Lan Vy Hotel
14 reviews
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Little Dalat
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
River Side Cottage
Hotel Ngoc Loi
Hong Dao Hotel
Cali Hotel
#74 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"My friend booked the hotel for us prior to arriving to Can Tho. The front desk service was friendly, although the front desk wanted to hold onto my passport, I said no, told them to take a photocopy instead..."
Ba Xinh Homestay
68 Hotel
Phuc Loc Hostel
Hotel Tan Hung
Le Loc Eco Farmstay
#41 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Thien Son Guest House
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Raja Ampat
Kollam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
