Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Tripadvisor
Owners contacting travelers about their review
It is against our privacy policy to share a reviewer's email address with an owner, manager, or anyone else. Reviewers stay anonymous unless they choose to post their email addresses or contact information in a contribution, such as a review or forum post. 
If you use a descriptive screen name (e.g. NYCredheadmom) or a friendly name (your first name and initial of last name) as your display name, the business you review may be able to figure out who you are.
Business owners or managers may contact you through the Tripadvisor direct messaging system, which allows Tripadvisor members to correspond without sharing their email addresses. Owners may use the messaging system to thank reviewers, ask for further feedback or make legitimate attempts to resolve customer service issues, but owners may not ask reviewers to remove a review via the messaging system, and harassment of reviewers is strictly prohibited.
For more information on our Privacy Policy, click here.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Owner Asking Traveler for Review Removal
Tripadvisor absolutely does not condone threats or bullying of reviewers, and you should contact us if this ever happens.

Review a vacation rental
We’ll remind you to review your stay throughout your trip. Once you check out, follow the steps below to leave your review.  
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
Business owners or managers may contact you through the
Tripadvisor direct messaging system
, which allows Tripadvisor members to correspond without sharing their email addresses. Owners may use the messaging system to thank reviewers, ask for further feedback or make legitimate attempts to resolve customer service issues, but owners may not ask reviewers to remove a review via the messaging system, and harassment of reviewers is strictly prohibited.
For more information on our Privacy Policy, click
here
.
