Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Bravo-Bien wrote a review Jan 2020
Luzon, Philippines150 contributions29 helpful votes
+1
Magnificent view at the Top Bar
Sharing morning and night view at the TOP Bar. They serve pizzas, pasta, cocktails and at night they have bands playing. It's nice to chill to the music but it's to cold to swim in the infinity pool. Its windy in the late afternoon Must see the morning and night view
Read more
Date of stay: January 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jan 12, 2020
Xin chào Bravo-Bien, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our swimming pool, delicious food and beautiful view.... Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback and give us the highest rating on TripAdvisor. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Hùynh Bảo Vi wrote a review Jan 2020
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam7 contributions4 helpful votes
Recommend hotel
We were recommended to stay here by a friend. We booked a wrong room and the hotel was very helpful to help us to find the one we liked. The room was amazing, worth the extra money we paid! We had some annoying issues by staff then we gave our comments to the supervisor after trying so much not being picky. It was out of expectation that the hotel was full eared! Manager and his staff gave us a very sincere apology and made us feel comfortable with our choice. We keep recommending this hotel to whoever wants to stay close to the beach. In addition, it’s clean and new. Beautiful pool!
Xin chào Huynhbaovi, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! What's a lovely review that makes our day. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. Your compliment would been shared to the whole team to keep them motivated. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Bintangkechil wrote a review Dec 2019
Singapore, Singapore737 contributions157 helpful votes
Near the beach
Located just across the beach, the hotel offers a good view of the sea at the rooftop. The rooftop swimming pool is a nice place to chill. It can get quite cold in December though. The room is huge.It has a nice kitchenette with a microwave. The room is dim though. Brighter lighting will be perfect. As my room doesn’t face the sea, I feel a little claustrophobic. The problem is solved by opening the window. Staff are polite and professional. More human touch will be nice. Definitely will recommend to others. The price is also reasonable.
Date of stay: December 2019
Responded Dec 29, 2019
Xin chào Bintangkechil, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Rebecca wrote a review Dec 2019
1 contribution
Good
Great hotel in great location.Staff is very friendly, helpful and beautiful : uyen, lien and thao . Great breakfast buffet and cafe restaurant....... Would definitely come back. You will never regret to stay at Alacarte.
Responded Dec 24, 2019
Xin chào Rebecca1236666, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Your review has made our day! Thank you so much for your compliment on our effort of making every stay the most perfect experience. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Yuan_fenghua wrote a review Dec 2019
Very good
Hotel is good. Staff is friendly. Very good service. They provide many good service such as spa , shuttle bus, ... Ms Uyen and Ms Thao is very cute and nice They recommended us good plAce to visit :) :)
Xin chào Yuan_fenghua, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice stay with us. Thanks for your compliments on our hotel services especially good impression with staff Ms. Uyen & Ms. Thao. Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Hong Wok Tian wrote a review Dec 2019
Service verry well
I came here for vacation.. Good service.. good food.. and staffs are enthusiastic.. espesial I met a Vietnamese staff.. Her nam's UYEN.. She very good. Service verry well. I'll back next time. Thank you so much
Xin chào Tianyu5, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! What's a lovely review that makes our day. We are very happy to have chance meeting you here at the hotel and extremely pleased to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. Your compliment would been shared to the whole to especially Ms.Uyen to keep them motivated. Once again, thank you so much for you time writing us review on TripAdvisor. We are looking forward your nearest coming back to our hotel! All the best for you, The hotel management board.
Kiko_yuuu wrote a review Dec 2019
Good hotel
Hotel has a convinient position. Near beach and seafood restaurant. Our room type is delight has a lovely bath tub. Front desk staff is always kind and support. Thao is specially helpful . Helping us a lot to book bus and spa treatment . Spa staff is also professinal. They has good skill
Xin chào Kiko_yuuu, Warmest greetings from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks on our great location, lovely room with bath tub, wonderful spa and helpful staffs. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. Your compliments will be shared with the rest of the team to make them motivated especially Ms. Thao from Front Office. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Abader1973 wrote a review Dec 2019
120 contributions58 helpful votes
Reception not friendly and slow
Check out took 30 minutes. Allow for time delays if you have plane to catch. Hotel well located near beach. Nice roof bar and pool with views of the bay. Central location. Reception staff are extremely slow and not friendly.
Xin chào Abader1973, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Da Nang. First of all, thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay in Da Nang. We are very disappointed to learn that you did not like your stay with us. Your review is a big alert for us about the service quality, so we've conducted a deep investigation for this case. As double check the camera and room management system, from the time you arrived lobby until left was 27mins. However, upon your arrival at the lobby, your wife and son were still in the room which made us could not come to check the room and have to wait. Upon checking-out process, due to language barriers, we also took time to explain your son minibar consumption. Normally, it will take about 7-10mins to check-out a room, in your case, it took more time due to some objective reasons, we hope that you understand and await your sympathy. Any way,we are happy that you liked our location, view and great bar. Mr. Abader, every review is priceless for us and your review is a large alert for us to constantly improving. One again, thank you so much for your sharing and look forward to have another chance welcoming you again! Sincerely, A La Carte Da Nang Team
fiona wrote a review Dec 2019
beatiful hotel
room have nice view, a small bar and kitchen. the swimming pool not too big but the view is okay. the staff is friendly and lovely. hung and thao so cute. i will introduce my family to stay here. 😍😍
Xin chào Fionnakid, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our staffs, swimming pool, beautiful view.... Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback, especially compliment on Mr. Hung and Ms. Thao. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Angela wrote a review Dec 2019
5 star
We stay 4 nite in apartment . You can cook if you like . The beach in front of the hotel . The seafood is very good . You can easily find seafood in here . Hung from fo is very kind . If have chance we definitely come back here
Xin chào AnnaCute1, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team especially Mr. Hung from Reception desk. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…7891011…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Bravo-Bien
Luzon, Philippines
150 contributions
150
29 helpful votes
29
Date of stay:
transparency report
Hùynh Bảo Vi
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
7 contributions
7
4 helpful votes
Bintangkechil
Singapore, Singapore
737 contributions
737
157 helpful votes
Rebecca
1
Yuan_fenghua
Hong Wok Tian
Kiko_yuuu
Abader1973
120 contributions
120
58 helpful votes
58
fiona
Angela
…
8
9
10
11
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
