Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBoat rentals in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Boat Rentals
Boat Rentals in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show all
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
42 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Halong Hanoi Transfer
375
Cultural Tours • Boat Tours
By Maxh2795
If your trying I get between Hanoi and Halong Bay and airport ,Halong bay to noi bai airport , look no farther!! halong...
2. Ha Long Bay Lux Cruises
354
Parasailing & Paragliding • City Tours
Open now
3. Alisa Cruise
589
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By 976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
4. La Pandora cruise
55
Taxis & Shuttles • Boat Tours
By Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The cruise trip was well organised with lovely food and...
5. Authentic HALONG
129
Multi-day Tours • Hop-On Hop-Off Tours
6. Halong Cruise Tours
112
Boat Tours • Water Sports
By Perfumekisses
Neverbeen this place but noi for Sure As in good services. Thank all staff for a very good tim in hanoi
7. Halong Bay One Day - Day Tours
134
By Bambo04
This is my first time go to Halong bay so I’m very exciting feel better and I have lunch on boat and tour around Isla...
8. Lotus D'Orient Cruises
11
By KEVIN_UK79
Recreational and relaxing activities on the Cruise are fun such as learning to cook..., especially kayaking.
9. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
10. Halong Bay Cruises Tour - S.E.A Wander
77
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By Jcmayo1991
(A lot of the bathrooms throughout the whole trip had limited TP FYI) Once we got to HaLong Bay, we got checked into...
11. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
12. Queen Cruises
9
River Rafting & Tubing • Taxis & Shuttles
By Seaside814106
It was wonderful trip with super friendly staff, great foods & drinks, beautiful landscape. Everything was organized...
13. Indochine Junk
13
Boat Tours • Boat Rentals
By stephenrN1121OP
À too short stay on l ‘Amour 2. But a wonderful stay. Our guide Minh, our Capitan Truong , our Chef Giang, And our...
14. Halong Bay Cruise Instant
4
By saovietb
Real a Five star ship with Halong Azalea Cruise- we have got a family deluxe connecting balocony for our...
15. Vietnam Travel Group
City Tours • Multi-day Tours
By bukitelang
Pick up, transfer to Ho Long Bay, Cruise and City tour back in Hanoi. The Guides, the Food and the Hotels were...
16. Halong Luxury Yacht
2
Adrenaline & Extreme Tours • Boat Tours
17. Pamela Cruise
18. Ha Long Bay Kayking Tour
1
19. Victory Cruises
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By LIncolnToots
We had no issues. Middle deck had dining room and upper deck was for chilling. Sunbathing on the deck & nice drinks up...
20. Sky Cruise Hạ Long - Vịnh Lan Hạ
By JackC3959
Wonderful day- night on Lan Ha Bay with sky cruise; up know we were surprise with these company, perfect food, nice...
California Road Trip Republic
Planning a California road trip? From the winding forests and craggy coastline of Northern California, cruise down Highway 1 on miles of coastline and rolling hills to the sunny beaches and deserts of Southern California. Adventure as a family or take a solo trip to unwind—California offers plenty for everyone on your ultimate road trip.
Read now
21. Halong Bay Group Tours
Submarine Tours • Duck Tours
By Camper48641463974
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I...
22. Cristina Diamond cruises Halong
3
By tinytears12
Our guide Hoi (Lucky) was very knowledgeable and his English excellent. He was always on hand to give advice and...
23. Halong Bay Cruise Tours
By Departure13906686648
Wow! It's amazing cruise trip in Halong Bay. We stayed overnight on the cruise and it was the right time for us to...
24. Halong Bay Private Tours
Sightseeing Tours • Horse-Drawn Carriage Tours
25. Vietnam Amaing Travel Co., Ltd
Multi-day Tours • Motorcycle Tours
26. Lee Tours
27. Ha Long Bay Boat Trip
28. Halong Bay Kayaking Tours
Multi-day Tours • Adrenaline & Extreme Tours
29. Hạ Long Daily Tours
30. STELLA LUXURY CRUISES
Scavenger Hunts • Taxis & Shuttles
Showing results 1-30 of 42
What travelers are saying
Ambassador825033
4 contributions
0
Prompt and quick service
Harry is very responsive and gets arrangements (airport transfer, Halong Bay your etc) done very quickly. Recommended!
Review of: Halong Hanoi Transfer
Written December 15, 2018
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
qualjohn
Napa, CA120 contributions
Ha Long Bay Disgrace
The Orchid Cruises ship itself was very nice. We had a great, well appointed room, that was very clean and provided great views. The food and activities on board were very good. We were, however, dissatisfied with a couple of things. My wife didn't care to go to the cave tour, which turned out to be a good thing. There was no explanation in advance about the physical fitness that would be required to complete the tour, which was above average, to negotiate excessive stairs often without railings (146 very steep stairs at the very start) both to reach the opening and exit it at the end. My wife could not have completed it and would have been embarrassed. The second disappointment was the bay itself, at least the part where our ship and literally 25 other large vessels anchored. It was like being enclosed in a village of tall buildings that virtually obscured enjoying the scenery of the Bay, which is the total point of going. Even more distasteful was the floating garbage that was everywhere, often forming large islands of plastic and styrofoam, with individual pieces as large as car doors, floating on water polluted with oil streaks. A fellow passenger who went kayaking in the morning, reported that the crew required that he be hosed off before leaving the deck. This is a UNESCO World Heritage Site!! The Vietnam Government's allowance of this natural gem to be overused (I was told there are up to 500 ships licensed to carry thousand of passengers a day to the Bay) and failure to protect it from rampant pollution, is a disgrace.

I have wanted to visit Ha Long Bay for years. I will never return nor recommend it to others, while it remains in this sad condition.
Read more
Review of: Ha Long Bay Lux Cruises
Written March 7, 2024
Nirbhay
5 contributions
2D/1N the way to go
My experience with Alisa Cruises at Hà Long Bay was truly delightful. The staff, consistently friendly and helpful, made the cruise a memorable journey. Their English proficiency facilitated engaging conversations, adding a personal touch to the experience.
The activities offered were not only fun but also fulfilling, creating lasting memories. The cruise's commitment to safety was evident, ensuring a worry-free exploration of the stunning Hà Long Bay.
Opting for the two-day cruise package proved to be the perfect choice, allowing ample time to immerse myself in the breathtaking surroundings and enjoy the well-curated activities.
I also appreciated the ship's cleanliness, a testament to the meticulous maintenance standards of Alisa Cruises. I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing setting of Hà Long Bay.
Review of: Alisa Cruise
Written January 17, 2024
Yee Kenneth S
2 contributions
Fantastic Team
The Halong Bay Tour is Amazing. But it won't be as Amazing as it supposed to be, if without the effort from Mr Hung and his team's extraordinary contributions. We all have an unforgettable memory tour in the bay, and we all enjoy the last day of 2023 and the first day of 2024, with all the champagne and firework in the boat. Definitely will return and come back to this Tour again.
Review of: La Pandora cruise
Written January 24, 2024
Perfume
1 contribution
Good services
Review of: Halong Cruise Tours
Written September 13, 2019
Anna M
Lodz, Poland8 contributions
tourism is an industry :-)
Firstly - be very careful! Many agencies are fake and deliver poor service for pretty high prices.
The office which I can recommend is The SinhTourist, 52 Luong Ngoc Quyen Street (but on this street, there are around dozen shops named the same way and some of them even fake an address, as well as logo. But they are not the same!).
And about trip - quite long way (2,5 hours by highway, with a short break). A boat is decent, lunch is ok, a trip among amazing rocks, canoes, and really beautiful cave to visit.
Not so crowded as I expected, beautiful landscape - but hurry up! All Bay seems to be under construction, huge buildings, made-up beaches, hundreds of tourist groups - it will end a wildness and a beauty of the Bay.
Review of: Halong Bay One Day - Day Tours
Written May 23, 2019
Charlotte G
Great cruise
The boat is really beautiful, all renovated. The manager was very nice and speaks very well English !
The food was also very good
Review of: Lotus D'Orient Cruises
Written January 30, 2024
Lunymar
Hanoi, Vietnam103 contributions
Wonderful overnight cruise
Earlier reviews of Ha Long Bay itself mention trash. I was very pleased to see barely any trash once we got away from the port area. Single-use plastics have been banned for some time now, which will have helped enormously.
Anyway, to our trip... from our pick-up at Hanoi Opera on an extremely comfortable minibus to when we were dropped back there the following day, we thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
The staff were excellent. The boat has 22 cabins and was full, I think. Each cabin has a private balcony, where you can sit and enjoy the views. There was a corner jacuzzi in our cabin, which would be nice if you go in winter.
There were only 5 Westerners onboard, but both the boat manager and assistant manager spoke very good English and made sure that all announcements were made in English as well as Vietnamese.
The other staff were also excellent and the service of a high standard. The food was good and plentiful - a bit too plentiful, actually. We felt guilty at having to leave so much of what was put on our table. An earlier review mentioned lack of drinking water. Perhaps that comment was acted on, as there was free drinking water with all meals, on the launch for trips off of the boat, and there to greet us when we returned from them.
The short trips off the boat are all worth doing as long as you know what to expect. The trip to Surprising Cave was our favourite. The cave is massive and the lighting shows off the features well. The kayaking is for only a short time around a small bay, which was crowded with other kayakers. The 'bamboo boat' option around the same small bay was not on bamboo boats, just large rowing boats. The swimming trip is to a small man-made beach, but it was lovely to get into the water to cool off.
My daughter enjoyed the karaoke in the evening, which had lots of Western songs to choose from. However, the best thing of all was sitting up on the top deck, sipping a G&T and watching the incredible sunset.
Review of: Dynasty Cruises Halong
Written August 1, 2020
Srikant Romeo
New Delhi, India1 contribution
Ha long bay
The trip, food, our tour guide ( ly) was awesome. Must try..
The scenery in Ha long bay was really marvellous. I would like to come again.
Review of: Halong Bay Cruises Tour - S.E.A Wander
Written May 13, 2019
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
Seaside814106
Amazing services
It was wonderful trip with super friendly staff, great foods & drinks, beautiful landscape. Everything was organized perfectly to enjoy the beauty of the Halong Bay. I did kayaking, swimming, hiking, visiting the cave and so on. I highly recommend this cruise to you if you are looking for wonderful memories with your family and friends!
Review of: Queen Cruises
Written March 7, 2023
Lambo48
Chichester, UK79 contributions
Wonderful private cruise around Bai Tu Long Bay.
We were lucky enough to be upgraded to a 1 cabin boat L’Amour 3 for our 3 day, 2 Night cruise. From start to finish this exceeded all expectations. Minh, our guide, was the most courteous, helpful and interesting person we could have wanted. He managed to be both very attentive but also respectful of our privacy. All the crew were great, but we have to mention the chef. He produced fantastic meals all the way through, including a superb BBQ on the beach. It is worth going for the 2 night cruise as you go to the more remote parts of the bay, and for most of the middle day the only other boats we saw were local people fishing. Kayaking around the beautiful islands was stunning. Highly recommended.
Review of: Indochine Junk
Written March 5, 2020
Hai N
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Moncheri Cruise Halong
Moncheri cruise is perfect boat in Bai Tu long Bay,Lan Ha Bay.it takes only two hours from Hanoi hotel to Halong harbour by highway express.All cabins have balcony with nice ocean sea view.High recommend it .
Review of: Halong Bay Cruise Instant
Written February 13, 2018
Erich L
Singaraja, Indonesia13 contributions
Perfect Experience
All parts of the 5 nights stay were perfectly organised. Pick up, transfer to Ho Long Bay, Cruise and City tour back in Hanoi. The Guides, the Food and the Hotels were excellent and made our stay a very memorable experience
Review of: Vietnam Travel Group
Written October 16, 2019
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for boat rentals in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat rentals in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best boat rentals in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best boat rentals in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best boat rentals in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic boat rentals in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best boat rentals in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Boat rentals in Halong Bay
1.
Maxh2795
2.
3.
976pn
I wholeheartedly recommend this
cruise
for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing s...
4.
Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The
trip was well organised with lovely food and...
5.
6.
Perfumekisses
7.
Bambo04
This is my first time go to Halong bay so I’m very exciting feel better and I have lunch on
boat
and tour around Isla...
8.
KEVIN_UK79
Recreational and relaxing activities on the Cruise are
fun
such as learning to cook..., especially kayaking.
9.
Travellingfullys
10.
Jcmayo1991
11.
MichaelYor
12.
13.
stephenrN1121OP
14.
saovietb
15.
bukitelang
16.
17.
18.
19.
LIncolnToots
20.
JackC3959
21.
Camper48641463974
22.
tinytears12
23.
Departure13906686648
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Napa, CA
120 contributions
Lodz, Poland
8 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
103 contributions
New Delhi, India
Miami, FL
381 contributions
Chichester, UK
79 contributions
Singaraja, Indonesia
13 contributions
