Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Vacation Rentals
Edit the dates/number of guests on my vacation rental booking
If you paid through our website
If you need to change the dates or number of people on your booking, you can send the owner/manager a request via your Inbox. If the owner/manager agrees, they’ll send you a revised quote outlining the changes. You can review and accept/decline. You’ll have 48 hours to take action before the revised quote expires.
What do I need to do if the price of my booking changes?
If changes to your booking result in a price increase, we’ll ask you to make an additional payment.
If...
You’ve only paid the booking deposit - the price change will affect your booking balance. For example, if the price increases or decreases, we’ll adjust the balance amount (and, if necessary, the due date) accordingly. If you cancel the booking before you pay the new balance, the cancellation policy will only apply to the deposit amount you originally paid.
You’ve paid the full balance - if the new price is higher, you’ll be asked to pay the difference. Once you accept the booking change, we’ll let you know the due date for your new balance. You’ll then have up to 96 hours to make the additional payment. If the new price is lower than the original amount, we’ll issue you a refund for the difference once you have accepted the booking change.
Whenever any booking changes are made, you’ll be notified via email. You’ll also be able to track progress in the conversation with the owner through your Inbox.
What happens if the price doesn’t change?
If the price stays the same (e.g. you are moving the booking from 1 - 10 July to 2 - 11 July) you’ll simply accept the change and the new dates will be confirmed.
If you paid the owner directly
You’ll need to contact the owner directly if you need to change the dates/number of people on  your booking.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Edit or Remove Review
To remove your review:
Go to your profile.
Cancel or change Tripadvisor booking
Unless you booked a Tripadvisor Plus rate using your Plus membership, Tripadvisor is not a party to the booking. 
Make changes to my vacation rental booking
Changing dates or number of people
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
If you need to change the dates or number of people on your booking, you can send the owner/manager a request via your
Inbox
. If the owner/manager agrees, they’ll send you a revised quote outlining the changes. You can review and accept/decline. You’ll have
to take action before the revised quote expires.
- the price change will affect your booking balance. For example, if the price increases or decreases, we’ll adjust the balance amount (and, if necessary, the due date) accordingly. If you cancel the booking before you pay the new balance, the cancellation policy will only apply to the deposit amount you originally paid.
- if the new price is higher, you’ll be asked to pay the difference. Once you accept the booking change, we’ll let you know the due date for your new balance. You’ll then have up to 96 hours to make the additional payment. If the new price is lower than the original amount, we’ll issue you a refund for the difference once you have accepted the booking change.
Whenever any booking changes are made, you’ll be notified via email. You’ll also be able to track progress in the conversation with the owner through your
.
Go to your
profile
