Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hue Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Phu Bai Airport (HUI)
Asia  Vietnam  Thua Thien - Hue Province  Hue  Hue Hotels  Hotels near Phu Bai Airport (HUI)
View map
Hotels near Phu Bai Airport (HUI)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hue
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Thua Thien - Hue Province  
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue  
Hue Hotels  
Hue Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
30
Breakfast included
330
& up
406
Luxury
47
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
429
Pool
255
Free parking
377
Distance from
25+ mi
Hue Imperial City (The Citadel)
Tomb of Tu Duc
Tomb of Minh Mang
Thien Mu Pagoda
Traveler rating
180
472
483
Hotel class
4 stars
80
3 stars
178
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
118
Mid-range
234
Family-friendly
188
Show more
Brands
OYO
26
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,355 of 3,408 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Phu Bai Airport

Sponsored
Muong Thanh Holiday Hue Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
812 reviews
38 Le Loi Street, Hue, Vietnam
8.8 miles from Phu Bai Airport
“The hotel is at the center of Hue City, and it is so good, very clean, the staffs , the receptionists, the securities are so friendly and support us so much. The buffet morning is so delicious. I check in 13/02…”
Visit hotel website
1. Indochine Palace
2,230 reviews
105A Hung Vuong Street, Hue 47000, Vietnam
8.2 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#1 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“At a great location with big rooms , great service and a restaurant overlooking the pool and the gardens is THE place to stay in Hue. Highly recommended. The spa has a great choices of massages and services are…”
2. aNhill Boutique
109 reviews
Khai Dinh | An Tay Ward, Hue 530000, Vietnam
8.4 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#2 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“We had two nights at this breathtakingly gorgeous hotel. We both felt it was the best hotel we had ever stayed in. The decoration is so tasteful, the food and drinks delicious and the staff so pleasant and...”
2023
3. Melia Vinpearl Hue
793 reviews
50A Hung Vuong Street, Hue 530000, Vietnam
8.5 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#3 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Everything the hotel has to offer was outstanding and the staff made sure we were confortable and well taken care of during our stay. Special kudos to Uyen at the Level Lounge for being so helpful and a wonderful...”
4. Pilgrimage Village Boutique Resort & Spa
3,178 reviews
130 Minh Mang Road, Hue, Vietnam
#4 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...”
Highest-rated hotel within 7 miles of Phu Bai Airport
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Top Rated
5. La Vela Hue Hotel
32 reviews
17 Dong Nam Thuy An, Street 22 | Thuy Duong Ward, Huong Thuy 530000, Vietnam
6.6 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#5 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Wow what a beautiful hotel. Very new and well appointed hotel. The room was excellent, very comfortable bed and bathroom fitted with stand alone bath. Amenities are first class. The pools on the food top were...”
Hue Ecolodge
154 reviews
2 Luong Quan Street, Thuy Bieu Village, Hue, Vietnam
11.5 miles from Phu Bai Airport
“Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight. The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…”
6. Victory Hotel
193 reviews
08 Nguyen Huu Tho St, Hue 84, Vietnam
8.0 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#6 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“The hotel is located near to the important historical buildings of Ho Chi Min City which are at walking distance. The service is good and staff are friendly. Room sizes are a bit cramped. It is mostly visited by...”
7. Gold Hotel Hue
980 reviews
28 Ba Trieu Street, Hue, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Very friendly staff, Minh at front desk was nice. Rooms are smallish but clean. Breakfast was basic. It's about 10 minutes walk to Hot Tuna corner. I think it is good value for money, but it's not the most...”
8. Alba Spa Hotel
1,015 reviews
29 Tran Quang Khai St., Hue, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Our room was of adequate size and we paid extra for a balcony-view was ok. Their breakfast buffet was very varied and beautifully arranged-the most extensive we saw anywhere in our 30 days in Vietnam. Their…”
9. Baly Hotel and Spa Hue
37 reviews
181 Ba Trieu, Hue 49000, Vietnam
8.1 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#9 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Stayed here as part of a group tour over Christmas. Our room was large with two beds, one double and one single. There was a huge bathroom with a corner bath which I was quite excited by on Christmas eve...”
10. EMM Hotel Hue
1,690 reviews
15 Ly Thuong Kiet Street, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Nice room, Upgrade to Deluxe room from superior- very good pool area- evenrything is clean- Friendly staff at the reception deks and in the restaurant also. we had to leave very early so the lady at the reception...”
Hue Royal Hotel
19 reviews
36 Vo Thi Sau Street, Hue 530000, Vietnam
8.7 miles from Phu Bai Airport
“We booked a room for my family to take part in the holiday. When we arrived in Hue, the hotel welcomed us very happily and friendly, especially the hotel is located right in the city center, breakfast was…”
11. Eldora Hotel
1,432 reviews
60 Ben Nghe Street, Hue, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Lovely hotel. Very well furnished. Quite posh. Bed very comfortable, and room had a lovely big bath. Was really looking forward to a swim in the lovely pool but couldn’t cause the water was FREEZING. The wifi was...”
12. Le Domaine De Cocodo
56 reviews
53 Ham Nghi, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“I came here with my family 4 persons in total and that was super nice, the staff know how to make you comfortable and help you with every of your demands, they made our stay so smooth. We met the owner he is quite…”
13. Casablanca Boutique Hotel
110 reviews
10 Ba Trieu st, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“I have a friend that works there and was recommend by him. I had a room in the 4th floor, in the corner with a great view of the city. The room was very spacious, had a/c, refrigerator and tv. Breakfast was served...”
14. Orchid Riverside Villa
38 reviews
149A Han M_c T_, Hue 53000, Vietnam
8.3 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#14 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Amazing hotel! Large & very clean room, Very friendly staff, really calm & pleasant position, food is ok, the price is really reasonable, AND a wonderful swimming pool !! This is a perfect place to having a rest...”
15. Cherish Hotel
2,119 reviews
57-59 Ben Nghe Street, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Cherish Hotel had a friendly and helpful staff, making our stay in Hue so successful. For a small hotel, it had outstanding services, such as a travel desk, spa, big buffet breakfast, quiet room, and a great...”
16. New Valentine Hotel
543 reviews
7/64 Nguyen Cong Tru | Phu Hoi, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“The Valentine hotel is a must stay for anyone who wants to feel like they are home away from home, out of all the places I've stayed the Valentine hotel has been the best. The value for money far exceeds any other...”
17. Golden Inn Hotel
6 reviews
6 Tran Anh Lien, Hue 52000, Vietnam
7.9 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#17 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“ห้องสะอาด ประหยัด ทำเลดี โรงแรมขนาดเล็กสไตล์มินิมอล พนักงานเป็นกันเองและช่วยเหลือดี มีร้านอาหารและร้านกาแฟมากมายรอบๆ สมเหตุสมผลมากสำหรับการเดินทางแบบประหยัด clean room, economical, good location. Small...”
18. Villa Hue
380 reviews
4 Tran Quang Khai St, Hue, Vietnam
8.6 miles from Phu Bai Airport
#18 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Wonderful hotel with beautiful style and well gardened. Air conditioned rooms are quite huge, clean and are equipped with very comfortable beds, bathrooms carry you with all daily needs. Pool is also well...”
19. Duy Tan 2 Hotel
69 reviews
46 Tran Quang Khai, Hue, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“The hotel is nice and staff friendly. Large clean rooms and bathroons but swimming pool is rather small. Breakfast could be little more international. The hotel feels a bit cold with not nuch atmosphere .But...”
20. Hanh Dat Hotel Hue
71 reviews
15 Pham Van Dong Street | Vy Da Ward, Hue 10000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“This hotel was great when free bicycle for the guests, hotel is not in the city centre but nearby the market and some other tourist attractions. Staffs were helpful when they tried to meet everything you need.”
21. Rabbit Motel
5 reviews
5/1 le Hong Phong Str | Phu Nhuan Ward, Hue, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“I stayed Rabbit Motel for two nights in March 2023. The room was very clean and comfortable, the location was convenient, it’s central of Hue city and also there is a big supermarket, GO nearby. Hotel’s staff...”
22. Myfa House
1B Le Vi_t Lu_ng Hu_, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“My first time traveling solo, and Hue as my first destination. Everything went smooth because I chose to book this place. The room I rented is very cozy and clean. Ms.Hanh, the lady in charge of the house is very...”
23. Romance Hotel
1,059 reviews
No. 16, Nguyen Thai Hoc Str., Hue 08454, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Wow what a fabulous hotel, great location right in the middle of the everything, whether it’s the great night life you’re after or just authentic feel of local restaurants and bars, all within walking distance...”
24. OYO 720 Glenda Hotel
59 reviews
21, Nguyen Thai Hoc, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“No complaints at all for the money at this budget hotel. Staff were friendly and super helpful, allowing a very early checkin for our group. Rooms are clean and spacious, plumbing functional. Would def return.”
25. Hotel la Perle - Hue
1,056 reviews
No. 24, Lane 42, Nguyen Cong Tru Street, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“This was my second stay at the Hotel La Perle in 5 years and it is still an absolute treasure. All areas of the Hotel feel fresh and new, and the reception staff is warm and helpful. During my three-night stay the...”
26. Thanh Uyen Hotel Hue
18 reviews
14 Ba Trieu Street, Hue 4700, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Lovely reception lady and really helpful. Had to go to hospital for antibiotics and would beat most western hospitals for service anyday!! Follow the river to hotel district not far by foot and cross the bridge…”
27. Homeland Hotel Hue
264 reviews
35 /42 Nguyen Cong Tru Street, Hue, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“My partner and I would highly recommend this hotel. So close to walking street where you can get some local street food, hit the bars or even have something to eat at the one of many restaurants nearby. Yen and Vy...”
28. Ruby Bistro Hotel
14 reviews
17 Nguyen Thai Hoc, Hue, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Excellent service, very friendly and kind. Location is good nearby walking street. 20 min walk to Imperial Palace. Room was nice enough. Double bed, AC, wifi. safe didn't work. helped me to book bus to next...”
29. Candyinn
11 reviews
40A Kiet 56 | Nguyen Cong Tru, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“Thanks so much to the hosts for making our stay so enjoyable! They are so friendly and accommodating. We arrived on a sleeper bus at 5 in the morning and they had prepared the room for our arrival despite checkin…”
30. La Homestay
31/56 Nguyen Cong Tru, Hue 530000, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 3,408 places to stay in Hue
“We stayed three nights here and really can’t fault it. The family are so friendly and helpful with advice and information. The rooms were clean, and a good size, with a very nice breakfast. We would certainly...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Phu Bai Airport information
Hotels Near Phu Bai Airport
There are 663 Hotels close to Phu Bai Airport in Hue
Hotels Near Phu Bai Airport Reviews
There are 68,043 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Phu Bai Airport Photos
There are 39,439 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
6.40 mi
1,355 of 3,408 properties
Clear all filters
38 Le Loi Street
Hue,
The hotel is at the center of Hue City, and it is so good, very clean, the staffs , the receptionists, the securities are so friendly and support us so much. The buffet morning is so delicious. I check in 13/02…
The hotel is at the center of Hue City, and it is
so good, very clean, the staffs , the receptionists, the securities are so friendly and support us so much. The buffet morning is so delicious. I check in 13/02…
105A Hung Vuong Street
Hue 47000,
At a great location with big rooms , great service and a restaurant overlooking the pool and the gardens is THE place to stay in Hue. Highly recommended. The spa has a great choices of massages and services are…
At a great location with big rooms , great
service and a restaurant overlooking the pool and the gardens is THE place to stay in Hue. Highly recommended. The spa has a great choices of massages and services are…
Khai Dinh
An Tay Ward
Hue 530000,
We had two nights at this breathtakingly gorgeous hotel. We both felt it was the best hotel we had ever stayed in. The decoration is so tasteful, the food and drinks delicious and the staff so pleasant and...
We had two nights at this breathtakingly gorgeous
hotel. We both felt it was the best hotel we had ever stayed in. The decoration is so tasteful, the food and drinks delicious and the staff so pleasant and...
50A Hung Vuong Street
Everything the hotel has to offer was outstanding and the staff made sure we were confortable and well taken care of during our stay. Special kudos to Uyen at the Level Lounge for being so helpful and a wonderful...
Everything the hotel has to offer was outstanding
and the staff made sure we were confortable and well taken care of during our stay. Special kudos to Uyen at the Level Lounge for being so helpful and a wonderful...
130 Minh Mang Road
Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...
Really lovely stay. Rooms were lovely and very
spacious and we were in normal room. The food in main restaurant and breakfast restaurant was excellent. Had a Vietnamese body massage which was fab. Staff lovely...
Highest-rated hotel
17 Dong Nam Thuy An, Street 22
Thuy Duong Ward
Huong Thuy 530000,
Wow what a beautiful hotel. Very new and well appointed hotel. The room was excellent, very comfortable bed and bathroom fitted with stand alone bath. Amenities are first class. The pools on the food top were...
Wow what a beautiful hotel. Very new and well
appointed hotel. The room was excellent, very comfortable bed and bathroom fitted with stand alone bath. Amenities are first class. The pools on the food top were...
2 Luong Quan Street, Thuy Bieu Village
Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight. The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…
Staying at Hue Ecolodge was an absolute delight.
The service was impeccable, with the staff displaying genuine warmth and attentiveness throughout my stay. The bungalows, nestled within the enchanting Pomelo…
08 Nguyen Huu Tho St
Hue 84,
The hotel is located near to the important historical buildings of Ho Chi Min City which are at walking distance. The service is good and staff are friendly. Room sizes are a bit cramped. It is mostly visited by...
The hotel is located near to the important
historical buildings of Ho Chi Min City which are at walking distance. The service is good and staff are friendly. Room sizes are a bit cramped. It is mostly visited by...
28 Ba Trieu Street
Very friendly staff, Minh at front desk was nice. Rooms are smallish but clean. Breakfast was basic. It's about 10 minutes walk to Hot Tuna corner. I think it is good value for money, but it's not the most...
Very friendly staff, Minh at front desk was nice.
Rooms are smallish but clean. Breakfast was basic. It's about 10 minutes walk to Hot Tuna corner. I think it is good value for money, but it's not the most...
29 Tran Quang Khai St.
Our room was of adequate size and we paid extra for a balcony-view was ok. Their breakfast buffet was very varied and beautifully arranged-the most extensive we saw anywhere in our 30 days in Vietnam. Their…
Our room was of adequate size and we paid extra
for a balcony-view was ok. Their breakfast buffet was very varied and beautifully arranged-the most extensive we saw anywhere in our 30 days in Vietnam. Their…
181 Ba Trieu
Hue 49000,
Stayed here as part of a group tour over Christmas. Our room was large with two beds, one double and one single. There was a huge bathroom with a corner bath which I was quite excited by on Christmas eve...
Stayed here as part of a group tour over
Christmas. Our room was large with two beds, one double and one single. There was a huge bathroom with a corner bath which I was quite excited by on Christmas eve...
15 Ly Thuong Kiet Street
Nice room, Upgrade to Deluxe room from superior- very good pool area- evenrything is clean- Friendly staff at the reception deks and in the restaurant also. we had to leave very early so the lady at the reception...
Nice room, Upgrade to Deluxe room from superior-
very good pool area- evenrything is clean- Friendly staff at the reception deks and in the restaurant also. we had to leave very early so the lady at the reception...
36 Vo Thi Sau Street
We booked a room for my family to take part in the holiday. When we arrived in Hue, the hotel welcomed us very happily and friendly, especially the hotel is located right in the city center, breakfast was…
We booked a room for my family to take part in
the holiday. When we arrived in Hue, the hotel welcomed us very happily and friendly, especially the hotel is located right in the city center, breakfast was…
60 Ben Nghe Street
Lovely hotel. Very well furnished. Quite posh. Bed very comfortable, and room had a lovely big bath. Was really looking forward to a swim in the lovely pool but couldn’t cause the water was FREEZING. The wifi was...
Lovely hotel. Very well furnished. Quite posh.
Bed very comfortable, and room had a lovely big bath. Was really looking forward to a swim in the lovely pool but couldn’t cause the water was FREEZING. The wifi was...
53 Ham Nghi
I came here with my family 4 persons in total and that was super nice, the staff know how to make you comfortable and help you with every of your demands, they made our stay so smooth. We met the owner he is quite…
I came here with my family 4 persons in total and
that was super nice, the staff know how to make you comfortable and help you with every of your demands, they made our stay so smooth. We met the owner he is quite…
10 Ba Trieu st
I have a friend that works there and was recommend by him. I had a room in the 4th floor, in the corner with a great view of the city. The room was very spacious, had a/c, refrigerator and tv. Breakfast was served...
I have a friend that works there and was
recommend by him. I had a room in the 4th floor, in the corner with a great view of the city. The room was very spacious, had a/c, refrigerator and tv. Breakfast was served...
149A Han M_c T_
Hue 53000,
Amazing hotel! Large & very clean room, Very friendly staff, really calm & pleasant position, food is ok, the price is really reasonable, AND a wonderful swimming pool !! This is a perfect place to having a rest...
Amazing hotel! Large & very clean room, Very
friendly staff, really calm & pleasant position, food is ok, the price is really reasonable, AND a wonderful swimming pool !! This is a perfect place to having a rest...
57-59 Ben Nghe Street
Cherish Hotel had a friendly and helpful staff, making our stay in Hue so successful. For a small hotel, it had outstanding services, such as a travel desk, spa, big buffet breakfast, quiet room, and a great...
Cherish Hotel had a friendly and helpful staff,
making our stay in Hue so successful. For a small hotel, it had outstanding services, such as a travel desk, spa, big buffet breakfast, quiet room, and a great...
7/64 Nguyen Cong Tru
Phu Hoi
The Valentine hotel is a must stay for anyone who wants to feel like they are home away from home, out of all the places I've stayed the Valentine hotel has been the best. The value for money far exceeds any other...
The Valentine hotel is a must stay for anyone who
wants to feel like they are home away from home, out of all the places I've stayed the Valentine hotel has been the best. The value for money far exceeds any other...
6 Tran Anh Lien
Hue 52000,
ห้องสะอาด ประหยัด ทำเลดี โรงแรมขนาดเล็กสไตล์มินิมอล พนักงานเป็นกันเองและช่วยเหลือดี มีร้านอาหารและร้านกาแฟมากมายรอบๆ สมเหตุสมผลมากสำหรับการเดินทางแบบประหยัด clean room, economical, good location. Small...
ห้องสะอาด ประหยัด ทำเลดี
โรงแรมขนาดเล็กสไตล์มินิมอล พนักงานเป็นกันเองและช่วยเหลือดี มีร้านอาหารและร้านกาแฟมากมายรอบๆ สมเหตุสมผลมากสำหรับการเดินทางแบบประหยัด clean room, economical, good location. Small...
4 Tran Quang Khai St
Wonderful hotel with beautiful style and well gardened. Air conditioned rooms are quite huge, clean and are equipped with very comfortable beds, bathrooms carry you with all daily needs. Pool is also well...
Wonderful hotel with beautiful style and well
gardened. Air conditioned rooms are quite huge, clean and are equipped with very comfortable beds, bathrooms carry you with all daily needs. Pool is also well...
46 Tran Quang Khai
The hotel is nice and staff friendly. Large clean rooms and bathroons but swimming pool is rather small. Breakfast could be little more international. The hotel feels a bit cold with not nuch atmosphere .But...
The hotel is nice and staff friendly. Large clean
rooms and bathroons but swimming pool is rather small. Breakfast could be little more international. The hotel feels a bit cold with not nuch atmosphere .But...
15 Pham Van Dong Street
Vy Da Ward
Hue 10000,
This hotel was great when free bicycle for the guests, hotel is not in the city centre but nearby the market and some other tourist attractions. Staffs were helpful when they tried to meet everything you need.
This hotel was great when free bicycle for the
guests, hotel is not in the city centre but nearby the market and some other tourist attractions. Staffs were helpful when they tried to meet everything you need.
5/1 le Hong Phong Str
Phu Nhuan Ward
I stayed Rabbit Motel for two nights in March 2023. The room was very clean and comfortable, the location was convenient, it’s central of Hue city and also there is a big supermarket, GO nearby. Hotel’s staff...
I stayed Rabbit Motel for two nights in March
2023. The room was very clean and comfortable, the location was convenient, it’s central of Hue city and also there is a big supermarket, GO nearby. Hotel’s staff...
1B Le Vi_t Lu_ng Hu_
My first time traveling solo, and Hue as my first destination. Everything went smooth because I chose to book this place. The room I rented is very cozy and clean. Ms.Hanh, the lady in charge of the house is very...
My first time traveling solo, and Hue as my first
destination. Everything went smooth because I chose to book this place. The room I rented is very cozy and clean. Ms.Hanh, the lady in charge of the house is very...
No. 16, Nguyen Thai Hoc Str.
Hue 08454,
Wow what a fabulous hotel, great location right in the middle of the everything, whether it’s the great night life you’re after or just authentic feel of local restaurants and bars, all within walking distance...
Wow what a fabulous hotel, great location right
in the middle of the everything, whether it’s the great night life you’re after or just authentic feel of local restaurants and bars, all within walking distance...
21, Nguyen Thai Hoc
No complaints at all for the money at this budget hotel. Staff were friendly and super helpful, allowing a very early checkin for our group. Rooms are clean and spacious, plumbing functional. Would def return.
No complaints at all for the money at this budget
hotel. Staff were friendly and super helpful, allowing a very early checkin for our group. Rooms are clean and spacious, plumbing functional. Would def return.
No. 24, Lane 42, Nguyen Cong Tru Street
This was my second stay at the Hotel La Perle in 5 years and it is still an absolute treasure. All areas of the Hotel feel fresh and new, and the reception staff is warm and helpful. During my three-night stay the...
This was my second stay at the Hotel La Perle in
5 years and it is still an absolute treasure. All areas of the Hotel feel fresh and new, and the reception staff is warm and helpful. During my three-night stay the...
14 Ba Trieu Street
Hue 4700,
Lovely reception lady and really helpful. Had to go to hospital for antibiotics and would beat most western hospitals for service anyday!! Follow the river to hotel district not far by foot and cross the bridge…
Lovely reception lady and really helpful. Had to
go to hospital for antibiotics and would beat most western hospitals for service anyday!! Follow the river to hotel district not far by foot and cross the bridge…
35 /42 Nguyen Cong Tru Street
My partner and I would highly recommend this hotel. So close to walking street where you can get some local street food, hit the bars or even have something to eat at the one of many restaurants nearby. Yen and Vy...
My partner and I would highly recommend this
hotel. So close to walking street where you can get some local street food, hit the bars or even have something to eat at the one of many restaurants nearby. Yen and Vy...
17 Nguyen Thai Hoc
Excellent service, very friendly and kind. Location is good nearby walking street. 20 min walk to Imperial Palace. Room was nice enough. Double bed, AC, wifi. safe didn't work. helped me to book bus to next...
Excellent service, very friendly and kind.
Location is good nearby walking street. 20 min walk to Imperial Palace. Room was nice enough. Double bed, AC, wifi. safe didn't work. helped me to book bus to next...
40A Kiet 56
Nguyen Cong Tru
Thanks so much to the hosts for making our stay so enjoyable! They are so friendly and accommodating. We arrived on a sleeper bus at 5 in the morning and they had prepared the room for our arrival despite checkin…
Thanks so much to the hosts for making our stay
so enjoyable! They are so friendly and accommodating. We arrived on a sleeper bus at 5 in the morning and they had prepared the room for our arrival despite checkin…
31/56 Nguyen Cong Tru
We stayed three nights here and really can’t fault it. The family are so friendly and helpful with advice and information. The rooms were clean, and a good size, with a very nice breakfast. We would certainly...
We stayed three nights here and really can’t
fault it. The family are so friendly and helpful with advice and information. The rooms were clean, and a good size, with a very nice breakfast. We would certainly...
1
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
27
28
29
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
