Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangHoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
230 reviews
#4 of 120 Food & Drink in Da Nang
Cultural ToursBike ToursFood ToursBus ToursDay Trips
Closed now
7:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Write a review
See all photos
About
Traveling with us, you will have chances to see the real Viet nam that some bigger company programs do not allow you. All the corner of the central Viet nam will be introduced to you, so you can have a unique experience of the special places and make it to be memorable
Da Nang, Vietnam
Contact
Awards
Travelers' Choice
2023
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours and Tickets by Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Hoi An countryside biking tour and water buffalo riding experience (4 hour)
26
Bus Tours
4–5 hours
- Cycle around the countryside of Hoi An where you can enjoy rice paddy field, river, shrimp farm, cemetary - Understand…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 100% of travelers
from
$37
per adult
Reserve
My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
20
Historical Tours
- A private tour will give you more privacy with your prefered staring time, and you can ask any question, our local guide…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
31
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
- Have a great drive from Hoi An/ Da Nang to Bana hills, have a view of countryside and mountainous area in Da Nang - Experience…
$41
Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
24
4 hours
- A 4 hour for lot of beautiful sightseeing in Da Nang city Discover history of temples, caves.. - Listen to history and…
$36
My Son sanctuary and Hoi An ancient town private tour (8a.m-4p.m)
5
- With this tour, you can understand the history, culture of central Vietnam from 2nd-19th century as well as admire the…
$112
See More Tours
Travelers talk about
“
my son
”
(10 reviews)
mr vu
(2 reviews)
his english is very good
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice guide
basket boat
bana hills
marble mountain
monkey mountain
hoi
history
hue
sanctuary
vo
driver
bike
company
5.0
Excellent
223
Very good
Average
1
Poor
Terrible
0
Jip
2 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Great biking tour in Hoi An!
Oct 2023 • Couples
Great biking tour, with our amazing tour guide Vu! The tour was a nice combination of everything: sightseeing in Hoi An, learning about local life, history, culture & nature, and a boat trip. Especially the food garden was very informative. Vu provided a lot of information and was able to answer all of our questions.
Review of: Hoi An countryside biking tour and water buffalo riding experience (4 hour)
Written October 5, 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Priya K
3 contributions
Good experience
Oct 2023 • Solo
Vu has good knowledge about Ba Na Hills and Sun World.. He knows exact locations to take good photos and knows what to show in sun world.. I took a private tour .. Everything was smooth from pick up to drop. I recommend his tour :)”
Review of: Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
Climber291489
Thank you Vu for helping us enjoy Hoi An. Our kids enjoyed your tour & we felt we learnt the local history and culture
Sep 2023 • Family
Vu is an excellent guide giving great info on Hoi An and My Son & offered other tips that enhanced our stay
Review of: My Son sanctuary and Hoi An ancient town private tour (8a.m-4p.m)
Written September 28, 2023
Regina d
1 contribution
Wonderful way to see Hoi An's countryside
The activity packed cycling tour was such a great way to see Hoi An's countryside. Our guide Vu took us on a fun and interesting route, stopping off at an organic vegetable farm, rice fields complete with a buffalo ride, and the traditional round fishing boat ride. It was such a lovely day being outdoors and getting to know a bit of Hoi An's traditional way of life. Vu was very knowledgeable about the area and expertly navigated us through our biking route. Highly recommend!
Written September 18, 2023
Jimin S
BaNa Hills Daytrip
Sep 2023 • Solo
Smooth and good trip - from transport to the actual guide of BaNa Hills! Vu was knowledge and tailored the experience for me
Written September 5, 2023
Juaquina M
Great experience!
Sep 2023 • Couples
I give this experience a 10! The guide is a professional, gives precise, clear information, speaks
very good english. Furthermore, he is a cultured person with whom you can talk about different topics and from whom you can learn a lot about the different cultures that have been part of the history of this country. Very good transportation (car and driver, good rest times. Punctual and organized! Thank you very much for this nice experience!
Review of: My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
Written September 2, 2023
Anggpim
Amazing time!
Aug 2023 • Family
Vu was awesome, very friendly and knowledgeable ! Unforgettable experience , would do it again.
:)
Written August 31, 2023
Adventure21478823929
Hanoi, Vietnam2 contributions
Fam. Ooms Tour My Son
Aug 2023 • Couples
Lovely tour with sound information ( no overkill) just oké. Gentle pace and easy going. The tour guide was very helpful by entry various temples.
Written August 26, 2023
Anouk W
Impressive and breathtaking
Marble Mountain was wonderful, so pretty! The guide told a lot of interesting information. Hé was really an expert.
Review of: Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
Written August 25, 2023
Emily G
Had a very fun bike ride around the farms of Hoi an
Aug 2023 • Solo
Vu is very kind and friendly, I enjoyed the whole trip and it was very fun to see the countryside of Hoi an!
Written August 23, 2023
…
7
8
9
Showing results 71-80 of 209
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour - All You Must Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Cultural Tours
Bike Tours
Food Tours
Day Trips
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Hanoi, Vietnam
