Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Yoga Hotels
THE 10 BEST Yoga Hotels in Da Nang
Da Nang Yoga Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Yoga Classes
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Yoga Classes
White Sand Boutique Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
105 reviews
In Da Nang
#125 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This hotel is very well located within a few minutes stroll of the My Khê beach and all that offers. There are excellent restaurants there and small beach bars ideal for an afternoon relax. I took the Executive..."
"I stayed with my family to celebrate the new year. The hotel is very near My Khe beach. Just a 3 minutes walk. The hotel's location is near the city and food establishments, but the street area is not so crowded..."
Hoang Sa Hotel
156 reviews
#134 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"After over 2 years of lockdown from the notorious Covid pandemic, we came to Da Nang again and staying at this hotel for 5 datys and 4 nights. The hotel has done some renovation, front desk receptionist are..."
Citadines Blue Cove Danang
101 reviews
#136 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed in the two bedroom suites, its clean and very spacious. And all information in the room is very useful. Breakfast is just so so, good variety but lack of taste. Location is a little far from the city..."
"6 people stay and leave pleasant memories. I will be returning next time. However, there was a place where the bathroom was not drained well, and it needed improvement. And I want breakfast to be more improved. But..."
The Han Hotel
72 reviews
#137 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The receptionist is very helpful and hard working. She sees to many details. Great breakfast. Good location, easy access to the wonderful beach even though not right by the water. I rather support established hotel..."
"This hotel has a garden and a litle pool, the rooms are big and fully furnished (with cable TV in English and French). So, it feels almost luxurious. There are plenty of really nice restaurants near by and/or shops..."
AVORA Hotel Danang
150 reviews
#135 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"When we checked in our room was nice but had very little light so we moved to a larger room with an enormous floor to ceiling window and an open outlook. Spotless modern hotel with a very good breakfast with a..."
Alani Hotel & Spa
120 reviews
#139 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Booked the sea view suite which comes with 2 double beds. Room was spacious and clean and beds and pillows were comfy. Liked they have many power outlets around the room and at accessible areas to charge our devices..."
"Great hotel right near the beach. Beautiful view, lovely hot shower. Delicious breakfast and very friendly and helpful staff. Nice pool, close to lots of 7/11s and restaurants. Highly recommend. Staff were very..."
Top Rated
2023
Melia Vinpearl Danang Riverfront
2,508 reviews
2.0 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 18 hotels in An Hai Bac
"방이 크고 환해서 좋았다 전망은 좀~ breakfast is nice, and i like vietnAmses food. the hotel is near night, very convenience. i will comeback and recommend for many korean choose this hotel. thanks mis thoa and boeun..."
Visit hotel website
Golden Star Hotel
143 reviews
#131 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Amazing place, staff were great, would definitely recommend 10/10. Right next to the beach, shops, restaurants all here great location. We will be heading back here again as it was that good, really couldn’t..."
Golden Line Hotel
51 reviews
#141 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This hotel did not disappoint. The staff were amazing and so friendly.... they even sorted a birthday cake for my sons birthday. The rooms were large and comfortable with daily cleaning. The pool was an amazing..."
"Excellent hotel, convenient to the marvellous beach and restaurants etc. Rooms are nice and modern, ultra clean, . The pool on the roof is great, with excellent views to the sea. Staff are friendly and attentive..."
Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
96 reviews
#118 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had a 90 min hot stone massage from Ms. Tram at the Annona Spa… WOW!!!!!! The pressure was exact! Not if, but WHEN I come back to Da Nang (regardless of what hotel I stay in) I’ll plan on coming to see Ms. Tram at..."
"I had a very special and relaxing full body massage by Nhi! Perfect! i feel very comfortable. I absolutely can reccomend it! The atmosphere was realy good, the oil very good smelling, relaxing music. and it was..."
The Blossom House
76 reviews
#142 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Recently stayed for 3 nights . Pre arrival communication was very good. Upgraded to a larger room with small balcony with city view . The room was very nice with curved lcd tv etc and stylish decor . The staff were..."
"Great service from all the staffs! All staffs are friendly and helpful Rooms are big, comfort and clean and nice hot shower We got good free 40 mins massage for 2 persons as well. They have many free shutter..."
Le House Boutique Hotel
137 reviews
#143 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Good Location only 5 minutes on foot to the beach, fair for room charge & provided value (I book the room without breakfast with only $20). The staff is friendly and well-support when I ask for motorbike rental..."
Salmalia Boutique Hotel & Spa
82 reviews
#121 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"What can I say about this hotel.It was absolutely amazing from start to finish.The hotel staff were so so helpful and could not do enough for us Always smiling and ready to help I had an absolutely amazing massage..."
"Staff was very helpful and ready to give all the informations about our stay. We really enjoyed the cozy atmosphere of the swimming pool and the yummy breakfast. Design was stylish and we loved our massage in the..."
Capital O 1176 Gemma Hotel & Apartment Near Dragon Bridge
45 reviews
#144 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Thanks for the free stay .unbelievable 14 days had passed... We are so grateful for what you have done. It's such a wonderful hotel and team.!!! ..❤❤ Wish all the best to your hotel. ==> From Room 1106..."
"My wife had a one month stay at Gemma hotel and apartment. Simply stated the hotel and staff far exceeded our expectations. We had a 2 room suite on an upper floor which was spacious and very clean. Daily..."
OYO 157 Centre Hotel
122 reviews
#145 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Nice hotel near Han river at Da Nang. Han market is also nearby. I stayed at room no. 420. Rooms are clean, spacious. Courteous staff. Room tariffs really cost effective. Poker game facility available at the 8th..."
"Stayed at this hotel for 2 night during the stay in Da Nang, location wise was quite accessible 5mins-8mins walk to Hans market where you can buy alot of local food stuff ,clothes and bags. It was also walking..."
Brilliant Majestic Hotel
48 reviews
2.4 miles from Da Nang
#15 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"The room was small but super clean and nice! We have a great view of the streets. Not far from the beach and its cool to walk to places. The area for breakfast is not very spacious but the food was good. It made me..."
"i have spent 1 night in this hotel, room is so nice and clean, and have the window. But the view is not really good ( staircase ) . Staffs are friendly. Everything is okay with me, i will back soon in next trip."
Avora Boutique Hotel
55 reviews
#148 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"My recent stay at Avora Boutique Hotel left me thoroughly impressed and satisfied. This hotel truly lives up to its promise of providing a modern and luxurious experience with international standards. From the..."
"Great hotel, location is good, but you need to walk a bit to reach the Dragon bridge and the centre. Staff is very good and helpful, checkin was super quick- in like 2 minutes. The room was good with all the..."
Ponte Boutique Villa
37 reviews
#150 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant..."
"We had a trip to Danang for couple days to visit Golden Bridge and we didn’t plan to spend a lot on hotel. But this hotel was much more comfortable than we expected. And service was excellent. Reception gave us a..."
Grand Mango Hotel Danang
165 reviews
#151 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This hotel is great value for money and situated close to the beach and eateries. The rooms are pleasant, bright, the beds are comfortable and clean. We stayed 2 nights and found the staff always very friendly, they..."
Mitisa Hotel
67 reviews
#149 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"A very nice hotel with very friendly and accommodating staff. It is located meters away from the famous Dragon Bridge and close to all the shops and bars, restaurants. The bed was nice and firm, pillows were nice..."
"Great location right next to the Dragon Bridge with lots of cafes and bars, restaurant and shopping nearby. The night market is a few hundred meters away just over the bridge with some of the best seafood for great..."
SH Europa Hotel
53 reviews
#152 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"the rooms are very big. close to the beach. very clean. very modern. lots of seating areas. there are two beds. breakfast is very delicious and lots of options in the buffet. nothing to worry about. oh yeah also..."
"The location of the hotel is good, the beach is within walking distance, and the service is very good. We were upgraded to a 4--bedded family room on arrival. During the buffet breakfast, many items had beef and..."
Jazz Hotel
214 reviews
#153 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are..."
Bridges Danang Boutique Hotel
29 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#16 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Excellent Hotel. Great location to a more private Beach. Not your usual tourist area but no doubt a different experience to Da Nang Well informed staff and Karmen was a delight with all the information you would..."
"Bridges made our stay as a family very pleasant and enriching. From the very first greeting where all things about the city were encapsulated so well by Carmen.. the food, culture, places to go .. everything was..."
Dai A hotel
298 reviews
#155 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"right in the center of danang, short walk from the riverfront and in the vicinity of good eateries/restaurants. very friendly staff. good wifi. i had a quiet room out the back of the hotel with cathedral views. good..."
"We stayed here for 3 nights in Da Nang with no regrets. Dai A Hotel is just great value-for-money-wise. Spacious rooms with city view and almost everything is just around the corner. The rooms are clean and..."
Sunny Ocean Hotel & Spa
57 reviews
#146 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I really enjoyed staying at this hotel and would highly recommend. It is so clean and the staff are very helpful. It’s located at the centre of Da Nang and looks out to the beach. The breakfast was amazing and they..."
"The hotel staff were amazing. Most helpful and friendly, and helped us to book transportation to marble mountain and Hoi An. Our room was spacious, comfortable and I loved the soaking tub. Laundry service was easy..."
NAM Hotel & Spa
73 reviews
#159 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel has an ok location, walking distance to the beach. Simple breakfast, nice rooftop area. The room was nice, clean and spacious, and we had ocean view :-) The hotel offered a driver when we were going to..."
"This is my first time to stay at this hotel. Firsly little bit doubt to choose this hotel. But i decided to take this hotel. This hotel close to the center area, streetfood market, coffee shop, 5 minutes walk..."
Saigontourane Hotel
#154 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Hotel locates near shops own by local moms and pops. Inexpensive and authentic foods. River walks is within distance. Rooms clean, service is perfect. We used hotel transportation to visit Bana. Driver is courteous..."
"This is an amazing place: spacious, beautiful rooms, gorgeous buildings and territory, and very nice, attentive staff. Daily (!) convent history tour and wine tasting is a cherry on top. Loved it here!"
Maison Phuong Hotel & Apartment
38 reviews
#160 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I booked the family connecting room for 5 adults and a toddler. It was a great choice as it felt like a home away from home. Breakfast was nice with lots of options for old people and kids. The place was about 5-10..."
"We stayed here for a few nights in August and had a great time - wish we could’ve stayed longer. Staff are super sweet and welcoming, rooms are clean and tastefully decorated. Great location so many restaurants..."
Mercy Emerald Hotel
78 reviews
#46 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel was immaculately clean. The staff were lovely. Sam and Anna and Tri and Bill were lovely staff in the restaurant, cooking to order and making sure all was well with lovely smiles and welcoming attitude..."
"Overall a pretty decent hotel and worth the price. Lovely room with a massive bed and ample storage. Aircon needed to be a little bit more powerful to make the room cooler. Generally modern room as well. The bath..."
L'amore Boutique Hotel
49 reviews
#163 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they..."
"this hotel is great for every occation, i don't have enough compliments to say about, i stayed 4 nights and only paid nealy 70$ . highly recommend this hotel, wait for last minute deal and you'll see am i right!"
Yoga Hotels nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Yoga Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Canggu
Home to ultra-cool vegan cafés, beach bars, and boutiques, Canggu is a hipster’s paradise. The black sand of Echo Beach contrasts starkly with turquoise Indian Ocean waters, which are invariably peppered with surfers enjoying some of Bali’s best waves.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Samut Prakan Province
Chiang Mai Province
Mindoro
Krabi Province
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
Frequently Asked Questions about yoga hotels
What are the best yoga hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any yoga hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which yoga hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best yoga hotels in Da Nang?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which yoga hotels in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
