Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
真理子 下 wrote a review Nov 2023
1 contribution
初めてのベトナム
"Since KIMHONG's service was wonderful and guided me politely, I would like to visit again.""Thanks to the translator, it was my first trip to Vietnam and it was very meaningful and fun." "I was worried because I couldn't understand the language during the two women's trip, but I was able to relax in the hotel thanks to KIM."
Read more
Date of stay: November 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Dec 1, 2023
Dear Sir/ Madam, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day!
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
mindai wrote a review Nov 2023
Hanoi, Vietnam7 contributions
Thank you ms LIEN
Good location and room was clean. My room high floor with ocean view. Staff LIEN very nice and kind, sweet smile. She help us a lot. Give us iifnormation about local food. Highly recommend. Thank you for everything.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Chow A wrote a review Nov 2023
2 contributions
3 nights at A la Carte Da Nang
Excellent nice place. Staffs are courteous and friendly. Foods and drinks arebaplenty and easy to get. Nice beach view. Room are clean and comfy. Easy to get transport. Will definitely return to stay. No doubts.
Carol C wrote a review Nov 2023
2 contributions1 helpful vote
Great service at very reasonable price
Room is very spacious and comfortable. We booked a ocean view balcony room and the view was amazing. Service was excellent and staff are always friendly and ready to help. Good variety for breakfast with lots of fresh fruits. Overall amazing value for money and we enjoyed our stay a lot.
Wiek M wrote a review Nov 2023
An hotel to go back next year.
I stayed 11 days in A La Carte. Thisl was very good. The room, the breakfast, the prices, And also the men and women that are working there. So I had a top vacation. Therefore A La Carte is an excellent hotel.
Date of stay: October 2023
Dear SIr/ Madam, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day!
arthurs5 wrote a review Nov 2023
Sydney, Australia120 contributions89 helpful votes
You have to pay extra to actually use the kitchen!!!
I believe it is dishonest to advertise rooms with kitchens with no mention at all that you have to pay extra to act make use of them. That is you have to rent pots, pans etc, even cutlery in order to make use of them. At the very least that should be clearly stated.
1 Helpful vote
Responded Nov 2, 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for leaving a review for our hotel We sincerely apologize and regret that you did not have a complete experience during your stay at our hotel. Our shortcoming comes from the fact that the hotel staff did not provide adequate information about the kitchen or about the private rental service of kitchen utensils, pots, pans, and pans when you booked or checked in. Although we put a note in each room about this issue, it seems to be not really effective and makes customers - those who like to cook or need to cook when traveling - feel uncomfortable. We will raise this issue at the upcoming monthly meeting to be able to resolve and overcome it in the best way. Once again, we sincerely apologize for making you feel disappointed with the service at our hotel. We hope you understand that this is just an operational error and we have no intention of deceiving customers or advertising dishonestly. Thank you for leaving a review so we have the opportunity to acknowledge our shortcomings. We look forward to receiving your forgiveness. Best regards, À La Carte Team
Mark wrote a review Nov 2023
Chiang Mai, Thailand1 contribution
+1
Wonderul hotel stay with a great helpful team! I recommend staying at A La Carte while in Danang!
I stayed one week at the A La Carte in Danang. The weather was not very good for this trip it was bad timing on my part to come during rainy season. But the hotel staff did such an excellent job taking care of me during my stay. Especially Trong Huan at the lobby, he was very helpful in getting anything I needed for my stay, he even gave me some helpful tips of things to see while in the city. I will definitely be back again to visit. I also wanted to say the people in the kitchen did a great job serving the breakfast for everyone, and I was always greeted with a helpful smile. Lastly, the cleaning team was exceptional they did a great job making me feel at home, and it was nice coming back to a perfectly clean room. Thanks gain Trong, and the team at A La Carte! :)
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Tripadvisor. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Jackie W wrote a review Oct 2023
3 contributions
Fabulous foodie destination
A La Carte hotel is our hotel of choice in Danang. It’s right opposite the beach in a great location. The rooftop bar & restaurant as well as the main breakfast dining room offer an amazing array of fresh Vietnamese dishes as well as innovative & classic western food. There are classic dishes like Hot Rock clam’s & nitrogen ice cream made at your table. The staff are also amazing & so helpful. All speak great English. The accomodation is very comfortable & stylish as well.
Date of stay: December 2022
Responded Oct 30, 2023
Dear Guets, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Connector21259410924 wrote a review Oct 2023
I love A la carte❤️
It was perfect hotel for our family. The staffs were really nice and kind. Room condition was also good . It was big and clean. Roof top swimming pool was awesome! Our family loved this place. I want to stay in this hotel again when i visit danang next time😍
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! Best regards, À La Carte Team
Ricky L wrote a review Oct 2023
6 contributions2 helpful votes
Amazing hotel with wonderful pool.
Clean and modern hotel. Super close to the beach. The hotel rooms are facing the ocean. The view is amazing. The rooftop infinite pool is beautiful. Very good vibes and relaxing. The staff and breakfast are good. I enjoy staying in this hotel so much.
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
真理子 下
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
mindai
Hanoi, Vietnam
7 contributions
7
Chow A
Carol C
1 helpful vote
Wiek M
arthurs5
Sydney, Australia
120 contributions
120
89 helpful votes
89
Mark
Chiang Mai, Thailand
Jackie W
Connector21259410924
Ricky L
6 contributions
6
2 helpful votes
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
