Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lady Buddha, Da Nang
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels  Hotels near Lady Buddha
View map
Hotels near Lady Buddha
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels  
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Da Nang Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lady Buddha
Popular
5 stars
34
Breakfast included
460
352
Luxury
59
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
576
Pool
418
Free parking
492
Distance from
25+ mi
The Marble Mountains
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Da Nang Museum of Cham Sculpture
Traveler rating
& up
587
652
660
Hotel class
4 stars
108
3 stars
226
2 stars
51
Style
Budget
129
Mid-range
345
Family-friendly
250
Show more
Brands
OYO
28
Melia
3
Hyatt Regency
2
Marriott
1,596 of 4,107 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lady Buddha

Sponsored
Minh Boutique
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
270 reviews
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.1 miles from Lady Buddha
“Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...”
511. King House Villa Hotel
16 reviews
25 My Khe 1 | Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#511 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“What a gem of a Hotel,From my Arrival to my check out i was looked after by very attentive caring Staff..The indoor atrium pool and Spa although small are very enjoyable and the water was sparkling clean and...”
512. Bong Mai Motel
40 reviews
29-31 Ha Djac, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#512 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Close to the beach and restaurants, all within walking distance, air con worked well and room large with plenty of space. Great staff and secure location. Easy to get either cabs or Grab driver and travel to Da…”
513. Palazzo Hotel & Apartment
44 reviews
9,10,11 Tran Bach Dang Street | Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#513 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Nice rooms with modern facilities. Had a 1 bedroom apartment and other family had two other bedrooms which were all well equipped. The pool is very small and not very clean as cigarette butts from the rooms above...”
514. Sea Vista Boutique Hotel
11 reviews
07 Le Thuoc, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
2.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#514 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The host is a very nice gentleman, well communicated with fluent in English , so efficiency to answer my questions and arrangements. The hotel apartment is big enough, so cosy clean and quiet . Meanwhile…”
515. Hung Anh Hotel
21 reviews
25 Vo Van Kiet Street, Son Tra District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.2 miles from Lady Buddha
#515 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We arrived early at this Hotel and were immediately given our key and also an upgraded room. The room was very nice and quiet with a window looking to the beach and the other to the front street. I enjoyed the...”
Top Rated
Monarque Hotel
3,035 reviews
238 Vo Nguyen Giap, Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
“Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...”
516. Menora Premium Da Nang - Sea Corner Boutique
28 reviews
196 Tran Bach Dang St | My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son Dist, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#516 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We arrived here and it was beautiful! My partner and the staff surprised me with a birthday balloon and bed spread. It was a small cost and it really made an impact! The staff were so lovely and helped us out with...”
517. Capital O 1010 Pandora Boutique Villa
21-22 Khue My Dong 14 | Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#517 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Such a lovely hotel, everywhere was so clean and the staff were exceptional. Breakfast in our room was well prepared and delicious every day. Room was airy and bright with excellent aircon. Easy walking distance…”
518. Prana Boutique Hotel & Apartments
11 Khue My Dong 2 | Khue My, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Lady Buddha
#518 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Everything about this hotel was truely fab . the staff were extremely helpful when needed . they book taxis give you placed to go . Room was fab and spotlessly clean . breakfast was good . the pool was amazing and...”
519. Son Tra Resort & Spa
Villa
155 reviews
Hoang Sa Street | Bai Nam, Bai Con,Tho Quang Ward, Sontra District, Da Nang 700000, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#519 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...”
520. Vy Thuyen Hotel
19 reviews
10 - 12 Ton That Dam Street | Thanh Khe Distrist, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
7.2 miles from Lady Buddha
#520 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This Hotel has made my first trip to Vietnam end on a wonderful note! I stayed here earlier in my trip and foolishly left my favorite football shirt ( Liverpool Fc) in the wardrobe of the room I was staying in...”
Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
03 Nguyen Van Linh | Hai Chau, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Lady Buddha
“We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...”
Visit hotel website
521. Navy Hotel Da Nang
12 reviews
03A Yet Kieu st | Tho Quang ward, Son Tra dist, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Lady Buddha
#521 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“What an incredible find! This hotel is perfect for a quiet getaway. It's situated about 20 minutes from town by taxi. You have the best of both worlds, tranquility and seclusion and the city on your doorstep. The...”
522. Orchidees Hotel
09 Duong Dinh Nghe | Phuoc My, Son Tra, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#522 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed at here 3 days and 2 nights. Staff is very nice and friendly. Room is clean enough, not so big but is is quiet good with this price. Breakfast is very good with lots of options for vietnamese but it is...”
523. Pearl Beach Homestay
8 reviews
11B Lac Long Quan | Cua Dai, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#523 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We were super impressed with the quality of this Homestay, the rooms were spacious and are kept very clean by the owner Lam and his staff. Breakfast is provided with both western and local food available…”
524. Coco Viet Homestay
10 reviews
32A Le Quy Don | Cam Pho, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#524 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“A perfect Homestay, well decorated! It’s a beautiful place to stay. Very comfortable and welcoming. Owner was super friendly & nice, she’s trying her best to help us communicate with driver during our trip. Beside...”
525. 7 Seven Sea Hotel
20 reviews
150 Vo Nguyen Giap | Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dictrict, Da Nang, Vietnam
#525 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Must have the friendliest, most genuinely cheerful staff in Vietnam. Stayed three nights, booked it on Airbnb . It’s sea front location is fine, several very, very good restaurants within walking distance. The…”
526. Vin Star Hotel
22 Mac Dinh Chi, Hoi An, Vietnam
#526 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“After our previous hotel cancelled on us 4 days before we arrived here in Hoi An, we had to scramble to find a last-minute place for a month-long stay over Tết. And luckily, we ended up at Vin Star Hotel! We've...”
527. Aman Boutique Hotel
6 reviews
52, 54 Ba Tri_u, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#527 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“super friendly staff, everything super clean. good location, we extended our stay here. we were happy we stayed here. so we recommend it if you want to be close to the old town and want to pay a good price for…”
528. Vincent's House
561 Du_ng Hai Ba Trung, Son Phong, Hoi An 51300, Vietnam
15.3 miles from Lady Buddha
#528 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“What a lovely little gem of a hotel! Vincent and his family can't do enough for you and really make you feel welcome. They went the extra mile to help. Room large with big double bed which was very comfortable and...”
529. Lu Na Diamond Riverside Hotel
87 Cua Dai, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#529 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“We stayed here after visiting HCMC. It was a welcome relief after the hustle and bustle of the South’s capital. The hotel is beautifully situated on the river, with water views and a lovely swimming pool. It’s a...”
530. Ancient Terracotta Villa
141 Le Hong Phong | Tan An, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
#530 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Wonderful stay at ancient terracota villa. Beautiful pool, best breakfast I’ve had at a stay. Super sweet and friendly staff. Rooms are nice and clean. Highly recommend this place for anyone in hoi an!”
531. B'Lan Riverside Villa
180 Nguy_n Phuc T_n St, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.8 miles from Lady Buddha
#531 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Couldn’t ask for any more from B’lan hostel. Great location, luxurious private room with lovely beds and a swimming pool - all for an amazing price. The host Vicky also goes above and beyond to accommodate all…”
532. Zenta Hotel
49 reviews
54 An Thu_ng 1, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Lady Buddha
#532 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Very good value for money. The hotel is nice for a budget hotel. Bathroom is clean. Bed is comfy. Location is excellent. Just 2 mins walk to the beach. Many restaurants and convenient shops near by. Staff are...”
533. Tiffany House Da Nang
01 My Khe 1, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
3.4 miles from Lady Buddha
#533 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Hotel staff were very polite, helpful and attentive. Hotel is fairly new so the rooms were good sized, clean tidy and reasonably priced. We were upgraded to a bigger room which was a pleasant surprise. Had lovely...”
534. Son Trang Hotel Hoi An
7 reviews
26 Dao Duy Tu, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#534 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Hotel is very nice, the reception, Miss Chau Long and her team are very helpful ️ There are bicycles at the hotel and Vietnam Hat that you can borrow Hotel closes to the old market that easily for walk The...”
535. Little Hoi An Boutique Hotel & Spa
02 Thoai Ngoc Hau, Hoi An 52000, Vietnam
#535 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Had a lovely 2 night stay here. Hotel is just a few minutes walk to the walking streets. Breakfast is good - international with some local delights. Hotel provided a free shuttle to the beach but unfortunately we...”
536. Quang Vinh Apartment and Hotel Hoi An
Block 37, Dong Bac Residence | Son Phong Ward, Hoi An 560000, Vietnam
15.5 miles from Lady Buddha
#536 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“Every single staff member (especially the main reception guy) here is awesome. Absolutely amazing service and nothing is too much trouble. They really made our stay so much better. Thanks for the incredible...”
537. Style Homestay
12 Dao Duy Tu, Ward Cam Pho, Hoi An, Vietnam
#537 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This property is literally across the street from Ancient Town and located on a block with amazing Vietnamese ( not touristy ) restaurants. Jenny at the front desk was helpful, kind, and very friendly. It was an...”
538. Nostalgia DS Hotel
14 reviews
11A Ho Xuan Huong | Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000, Vietnam
#538 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“The rooms are nice and clean, the staff was super lovely and always helpful. The loccation is good, near city center and Asian Park. I booked 1 car for 4 people to BaNa Hill with quite good rate and the driver…”
539. The Blossom Hoi An Ocean Front Hotel & Spa
13 reviews
Group 1, Phuoc Trach, Au Co, Cua Dai, Hoi An 51300, Vietnam
15.9 miles from Lady Buddha
#539 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
“This property is new and looks very smart . Staff very friendly, helpful and anxious to please. There are lots of free deals which was great, noodles, massage. I thought when I booked the room was bigger the...”
540. Phu Long Tam Kỳ Hotel & Restaurant
5 reviews
495 Phan Chau Trinh, Tam Ky 51100, Vietnam
39.7 miles from Lady Buddha
#540 Best Value of 4,107 places to stay in Da Nang
Previous
Next
1…1617181920…
1,596 of 4,107 properties
Clear all filters
So_ 5 Nguye_n Cao Luye_n
Da Nang 550000,
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean.
Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours...
25 My Khe 1
Son Tra
What a gem of a Hotel,From my Arrival to my check out i was looked after by very attentive caring Staff..The indoor atrium pool and Spa although small are very enjoyable and the water was sparkling clean and...
What a gem of a Hotel,From my Arrival to my check
out i was looked after by very attentive caring Staff..The indoor atrium pool and Spa although small are very enjoyable and the water was sparkling clean and...
29-31 Ha Djac, Son Tra District
Close to the beach and restaurants, all within walking distance, air con worked well and room large with plenty of space. Great staff and secure location. Easy to get either cabs or Grab driver and travel to Da…
Close to the beach and restaurants, all within
walking distance, air con worked well and room large with plenty of space. Great staff and secure location. Easy to get either cabs or Grab driver and travel to Da…
9,10,11 Tran Bach Dang Street
Ngu Hanh Son District
Nice rooms with modern facilities. Had a 1 bedroom apartment and other family had two other bedrooms which were all well equipped. The pool is very small and not very clean as cigarette butts from the rooms above...
Nice rooms with modern facilities. Had a 1
bedroom apartment and other family had two other bedrooms which were all well equipped. The pool is very small and not very clean as cigarette butts from the rooms above...
07 Le Thuoc
The host is a very nice gentleman, well communicated with fluent in English , so efficiency to answer my questions and arrangements. The hotel apartment is big enough, so cosy clean and quiet . Meanwhile…
The host is a very nice gentleman, well
communicated with fluent in English , so efficiency to answer my questions and arrangements. The hotel apartment is big enough, so cosy clean and quiet . Meanwhile…
25 Vo Van Kiet Street, Son Tra District
We arrived early at this Hotel and were immediately given our key and also an upgraded room. The room was very nice and quiet with a window looking to the beach and the other to the front street. I enjoyed the...
We arrived early at this Hotel and were
immediately given our key and also an upgraded room. The room was very nice and quiet with a window looking to the beach and the other to the front street. I enjoyed the...
238 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My, Da Nang 550000,
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
Ocean front location, excellent service, friendly
and very helpful staff. Delicious breakfast with a wide variety of food, fruits and desserts. Also tea time is relaxing. The free dinner and the drop-off shuttle...
196 Tran Bach Dang St
My An Ward, Ngu Hanh Son Dist
We arrived here and it was beautiful! My partner and the staff surprised me with a birthday balloon and bed spread. It was a small cost and it really made an impact! The staff were so lovely and helped us out with...
We arrived here and it was beautiful! My partner
and the staff surprised me with a birthday balloon and bed spread. It was a small cost and it really made an impact! The staff were so lovely and helped us out with...
21-22 Khue My Dong 14
Khue My Ward, Ngu Hanh Son District
Such a lovely hotel, everywhere was so clean and the staff were exceptional. Breakfast in our room was well prepared and delicious every day. Room was airy and bright with excellent aircon. Easy walking distance…
Such a lovely hotel, everywhere was so clean and
the staff were exceptional. Breakfast in our room was well prepared and delicious every day. Room was airy and bright with excellent aircon. Easy walking distance…
11 Khue My Dong 2
Khue My, Ngu Hanh Son
Everything about this hotel was truely fab . the staff were extremely helpful when needed . they book taxis give you placed to go . Room was fab and spotlessly clean . breakfast was good . the pool was amazing and...
Everything about this hotel was truely fab . the
staff were extremely helpful when needed . they book taxis give you placed to go . Room was fab and spotlessly clean . breakfast was good . the pool was amazing and...
Hoang Sa Street
Bai Nam, Bai Con,Tho Quang Ward, Sontra District
Da Nang 700000,
Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...
Stunning property. Huge villas with lovely
private pool. Kids just loved the pool. Right on your own private and clean beach. Take your own food though, especially if you have kids as nothing close by. The...
10 - 12 Ton That Dam Street
Thanh Khe Distrist
This Hotel has made my first trip to Vietnam end on a wonderful note! I stayed here earlier in my trip and foolishly left my favorite football shirt ( Liverpool Fc) in the wardrobe of the room I was staying in...
This Hotel has made my first trip to Vietnam end
on a wonderful note! I stayed here earlier in my trip and foolishly left my favorite football shirt ( Liverpool Fc) in the wardrobe of the room I was staying in...
03 Nguyen Van Linh
Hai Chau
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is
good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau...
03A Yet Kieu st
Tho Quang ward, Son Tra dist
What an incredible find! This hotel is perfect for a quiet getaway. It's situated about 20 minutes from town by taxi. You have the best of both worlds, tranquility and seclusion and the city on your doorstep. The...
What an incredible find! This hotel is perfect
for a quiet getaway. It's situated about 20 minutes from town by taxi. You have the best of both worlds, tranquility and seclusion and the city on your doorstep. The...
09 Duong Dinh Nghe
Phuoc My, Son Tra
We stayed at here 3 days and 2 nights. Staff is very nice and friendly. Room is clean enough, not so big but is is quiet good with this price. Breakfast is very good with lots of options for vietnamese but it is...
We stayed at here 3 days and 2 nights. Staff is
very nice and friendly. Room is clean enough, not so big but is is quiet good with this price. Breakfast is very good with lots of options for vietnamese but it is...
11B Lac Long Quan
Cua Dai
Hoi An 560000,
We were super impressed with the quality of this Homestay, the rooms were spacious and are kept very clean by the owner Lam and his staff. Breakfast is provided with both western and local food available…
We were super impressed with the quality of this
Homestay, the rooms were spacious and are kept very clean by the owner Lam and his staff. Breakfast is provided with both western and local food available…
32A Le Quy Don
Cam Pho
A perfect Homestay, well decorated! It’s a beautiful place to stay. Very comfortable and welcoming. Owner was super friendly & nice, she’s trying her best to help us communicate with driver during our trip. Beside...
A perfect Homestay, well decorated! It’s a
beautiful place to stay. Very comfortable and welcoming. Owner was super friendly & nice, she’s trying her best to help us communicate with driver during our trip. Beside...
150 Vo Nguyen Giap
Phuoc My Ward, Son Tra Dictrict
Da Nang,
Must have the friendliest, most genuinely cheerful staff in Vietnam. Stayed three nights, booked it on Airbnb . It’s sea front location is fine, several very, very good restaurants within walking distance. The…
Must have the friendliest, most genuinely
cheerful staff in Vietnam. Stayed three nights, booked it on Airbnb . It’s sea front location is fine, several very, very good restaurants within walking distance. The…
22 Mac Dinh Chi
Hoi An,
After our previous hotel cancelled on us 4 days before we arrived here in Hoi An, we had to scramble to find a last-minute place for a month-long stay over Tết. And luckily, we ended up at Vin Star Hotel! We've...
After our previous hotel cancelled on us 4 days
before we arrived here in Hoi An, we had to scramble to find a last-minute place for a month-long stay over Tết. And luckily, we ended up at Vin Star Hotel! We've...
52, 54 Ba Tri_u
super friendly staff, everything super clean. good location, we extended our stay here. we were happy we stayed here. so we recommend it if you want to be close to the old town and want to pay a good price for…
super friendly staff, everything super clean.
good location, we extended our stay here. we were happy we stayed here. so we recommend it if you want to be close to the old town and want to pay a good price for…
561 Du_ng Hai Ba Trung, Son Phong
Hoi An 51300,
What a lovely little gem of a hotel! Vincent and his family can't do enough for you and really make you feel welcome. They went the extra mile to help. Room large with big double bed which was very comfortable and...
What a lovely little gem of a hotel! Vincent and
his family can't do enough for you and really make you feel welcome. They went the extra mile to help. Room large with big double bed which was very comfortable and...
87 Cua Dai
We stayed here after visiting HCMC. It was a welcome relief after the hustle and bustle of the South’s capital. The hotel is beautifully situated on the river, with water views and a lovely swimming pool. It’s a...
We stayed here after visiting HCMC. It was a
welcome relief after the hustle and bustle of the South’s capital. The hotel is beautifully situated on the river, with water views and a lovely swimming pool. It’s a...
141 Le Hong Phong
Tan An
Wonderful stay at ancient terracota villa. Beautiful pool, best breakfast I’ve had at a stay. Super sweet and friendly staff. Rooms are nice and clean. Highly recommend this place for anyone in hoi an!
Wonderful stay at ancient terracota villa.
Beautiful pool, best breakfast I’ve had at a stay. Super sweet and friendly staff. Rooms are nice and clean. Highly recommend this place for anyone in hoi an!
180 Nguy_n Phuc T_n St
Couldn’t ask for any more from B’lan hostel. Great location, luxurious private room with lovely beds and a swimming pool - all for an amazing price. The host Vicky also goes above and beyond to accommodate all…
Couldn’t ask for any more from B’lan hostel.
Great location, luxurious private room with lovely beds and a swimming pool - all for an amazing price. The host Vicky also goes above and beyond to accommodate all…
54 An Thu_ng 1
Very good value for money. The hotel is nice for a budget hotel. Bathroom is clean. Bed is comfy. Location is excellent. Just 2 mins walk to the beach. Many restaurants and convenient shops near by. Staff are...
Very good value for money. The hotel is nice for
a budget hotel. Bathroom is clean. Bed is comfy. Location is excellent. Just 2 mins walk to the beach. Many restaurants and convenient shops near by. Staff are...
01 My Khe 1
Hotel staff were very polite, helpful and attentive. Hotel is fairly new so the rooms were good sized, clean tidy and reasonably priced. We were upgraded to a bigger room which was a pleasant surprise. Had lovely...
Hotel staff were very polite, helpful and
attentive. Hotel is fairly new so the rooms were good sized, clean tidy and reasonably priced. We were upgraded to a bigger room which was a pleasant surprise. Had lovely...
26 Dao Duy Tu
Hotel is very nice, the reception, Miss Chau Long and her team are very helpful ️ There are bicycles at the hotel and Vietnam Hat that you can borrow Hotel closes to the old market that easily for walk The...
Hotel is very nice, the reception, Miss Chau Long
and her team are very helpful ️ There are bicycles at the hotel and Vietnam Hat that you can borrow Hotel closes to the old market that easily for walk The...
02 Thoai Ngoc Hau
Hoi An 52000,
Had a lovely 2 night stay here. Hotel is just a few minutes walk to the walking streets. Breakfast is good - international with some local delights. Hotel provided a free shuttle to the beach but unfortunately we...
Had a lovely 2 night stay here. Hotel is just a
few minutes walk to the walking streets. Breakfast is good - international with some local delights. Hotel provided a free shuttle to the beach but unfortunately we...
Block 37, Dong Bac Residence
Son Phong Ward
Every single staff member (especially the main reception guy) here is awesome. Absolutely amazing service and nothing is too much trouble. They really made our stay so much better. Thanks for the incredible...
Every single staff member (especially the main
reception guy) here is awesome. Absolutely amazing service and nothing is too much trouble. They really made our stay so much better. Thanks for the incredible...
12 Dao Duy Tu, Ward Cam Pho
This property is literally across the street from Ancient Town and located on a block with amazing Vietnamese ( not touristy ) restaurants. Jenny at the front desk was helpful, kind, and very friendly. It was an...
This property is literally across the street from
Ancient Town and located on a block with amazing Vietnamese ( not touristy ) restaurants. Jenny at the front desk was helpful, kind, and very friendly. It was an...
11A Ho Xuan Huong
Ngu Hanh Son
The rooms are nice and clean, the staff was super lovely and always helpful. The loccation is good, near city center and Asian Park. I booked 1 car for 4 people to BaNa Hill with quite good rate and the driver…
The rooms are nice and clean, the staff was super
lovely and always helpful. The loccation is good, near city center and Asian Park. I booked 1 car for 4 people to BaNa Hill with quite good rate and the driver…
Group 1, Phuoc Trach, Au Co, Cua Dai
This property is new and looks very smart . Staff very friendly, helpful and anxious to please. There are lots of free deals which was great, noodles, massage. I thought when I booked the room was bigger the...
This property is new and looks very smart .
Staff very friendly, helpful and anxious to please. There are lots of free deals which was great, noodles, massage. I thought when I booked the room was bigger the...
495 Phan Chau Trinh
Tam Ky 51100,
1
…
16
17
18
19
20
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
