Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
View map
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
No 224, Mot thang tu street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+139
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
781 of 1,912 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island

Top Rated
2023
91. Oakwood Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
100 reviews
No 9, Ha Long Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
15.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#91 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...”
92. Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
3 reviews
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#92 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…”
93. Lantana Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
E409, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
15.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#93 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...”
94. The Enchanted Hotel
1 review
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#94 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
95. Nin Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
15.4 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#95 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)”
96. Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#96 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…”
97. May House Hotel
4 reviews
Ha Long Street | TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#97 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...”
98. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#98 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
99. Lan Tuong Hotel
LT20 Ha Long Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#99 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
100. Ha Long Essence Classic Hotel
L_c V_ng 1, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#100 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...”
101. Golden Palm HaLong Hotel
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina, Ha Long null, Vietnam
15.5 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#101 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...”
102. La Dolce Vita Hotel
Loc Vung 1-15 | Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#102 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
103. Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#103 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
104. The Twin Hotel
Ha Long Road | TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#104 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
105. Elysinam Boutique Hotel
10 reviews
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
15.6 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#105 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...”
106. 1925 Boutique Hotel
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#106 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...”
107. De Charm Ha Long Hotel
19 Th_y Tung | Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long, Vietnam
#107 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
108. The Yen Residences Halong
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long | Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 011000, Vietnam
#108 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...”
109. Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
8 Halong Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#109 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…”
110. Halong Lavender Hotel
Ha Long Road | Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01119, Vietnam
#110 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
111. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
23 reviews
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#111 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…”
112. Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
#112 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...”
113. Island Pearl Hotel
Tuan Chau Port, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#113 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...”
114. Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
17 reviews
#114 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…”
115. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#115 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
116. The Secret HaLong
5 reviews
Sun Premier Halong Village, Ha Long, Vietnam
#116 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…”
117. Atlantic Hotel
6 reviews
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area | 842 048, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#117 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…”
118. Buu Dien Ha Long
Ha Long Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#118 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...”
119. The Cong Doan Hotel
19 reviews
Ha Long Rd. | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#119 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...”
120. Ha Long Eden Hotel
No 01 Ha Long Street | Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#120 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
781 of 1,912 properties
Clear all filters
No 9, Ha Long Street
Bai Chay Ward
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most
amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza
Halong Bay,
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel.
They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
E409, Sun Premier Village
Ha Long 200000,
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine.
The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village
Ha Long 01000,
The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
The owners where nice friendly and helped with
good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the
bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I…
Ha Long Street
TD1-03 Tung Duong, Sun Premier Village
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer
service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
LT20 Ha Long Street
L_c V_ng 1
Ha Long 01100,
The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
The hotel is very clean and the staff are
friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina
Ha Long null,
We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
We arrived very late on night, but the
receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
Loc Vung 1-15
Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Ha Long Road
TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an
early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung
Ha Long,
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so
sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
19 Th_y Tung
Dường Hạ Long, Phường Bãi Cháy
Lo E362-364-366, Du_ng H_ Long
Sun Plaza Grand World Halong, P. Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 011000,
Everything was so good as i was surprised the price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
Everything was so good as i was surprised the
price pretty cheap comparing to value there. Highly recommend for bussiness trip who look for quite place, the hotel is not only good location but also has a beautiful...
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last
year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to…
Khu Europe Sun Plaza Grand World
Ha Long 01119,
E3-23 Sun Plaza Grand World
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs.
Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the…
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad
weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with...
Tuan Chau Port
We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
We were transfered in this hotel because we
booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned...
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet
area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels…
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
Sun Premier Halong Village
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
I stayed in this hotel almost every week ( every
Monday). All I can say is that this hotel is the best in Bai Chay area in Halong City. The hotel is clean, the location is very private out from those annoying…
No 1 Tuan Chau International Tourist Area
842 048
I have to say that the whole area where the cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
I have to say that the whole area where the
cruise ships are leaving seems to be an example on how planned economies fail. This hotel is terrible. After having been in excellend and cheaper hotels in Vietnam it…
This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
This was the worst hotel experience that we had
during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the...
Ha Long Rd.
Bai Chay Beach
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
The rooms were large with very comfortable beds
and fantastic air conditioning. The WiFi and Tv channel list was fairly good. However, the decor is extremely outdated especially in the bathroom. The bathroom was...
No 01 Ha Long Street
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the
reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
