Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
View map
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
No 224, Mot thang tu street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+139
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
781 of 1,912 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island

61. Monkey Island Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
848 reviews
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
1.9 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#61 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…”
62. Alibaba's Hotel
6 reviews
229 Cai Beo, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
0.7 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#62 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...”
63. Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
1.0 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#63 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…”
64. Green Homestay
19 reviews
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#64 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...”
65. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
5.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#65 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
66. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
130 reviews
| Viet Hai, Cat Hai, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
5.5 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#66 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...”
67. Tran Chau Garden home
4 reviews
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#67 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...”
68. Lynh's Villa
10 reviews
5/72 Ha Sen, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#68 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…”
69. Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
14 Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
13.9 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#69 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...”
70. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000, Vietnam
14.1 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#70 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…”
71. Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000, Vietnam
6.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#71 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...”
72. Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
Nam Cat Island | Lan Ha Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#72 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...”
73. Cuong Thinh Motel
G15, Ngoc Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#73 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...”
74. Ocean Beach Resort
22 reviews
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town | 4hrs by boat from Halong Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84, Vietnam
2.0 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#74 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!”
75. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area | Tuan Chau Ward, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
14.0 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#75 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...”
76. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#76 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
77. Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company, Halong Bay 01000, Vietnam
#77 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…”
78. Windy Hill Catba Homestay
Duong Xuyen Dao, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#78 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...”
79. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
Du_ng Ng_c Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000, Vietnam
14.5 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#79 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…”
80. Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
14.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#80 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…”
81. Ha Long Land Hotel
O A78 A79 Au Tau | Tuan Chau, Ha Long 01000 - 02000, Vietnam
#81 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
82. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,233 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
15.1 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#82 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…”
83. The Postcard Hotel
O So 1, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
14.8 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#83 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…”
84. Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303, Vietnam
#84 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...”
85. Anh Duong Hotel
Ngoc Chau street, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
14.3 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#85 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...”
86. Savanna Hotel
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673, Vietnam
15.2 miles from Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
#86 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
87. Green Suites Hotel
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road, Ha Long, Vietnam
#87 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
88. Moc Tra Hotel
O 61 Khu Cang Tau, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
89. Cat Ba Freedom Island Retreat
#89 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…”
90. Camellia Tuan Chau
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT, Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 1,912 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…”
Previous
Next
123456…
Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
781 of 1,912 properties
Clear all filters
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
We spent four days five nights at this resort,
and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
229 Cai Beo
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel
for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the
citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from
the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Viet Hai, Cat Hai
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free
wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay.
The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
5/72 Ha Sen
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong,
but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
14 Ngoc Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we
thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower...
Ngoc Chau, Paradise Town
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 844000,
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the
staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play…
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000,
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but
the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Nam Cat Island
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with
our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
G15, Ngoc Chau
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile
and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are...
on Cat Ong Island, 3 miles offshore Cat Ba Town
4hrs by boat from Halong Bay
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 84,
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them. The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
Bedsheets and towels have dried blood on them.
The toilet and showers smell like pis, the food is nog great. Its a very beautiful place. The beach is a rocky beach, so swimming can be a bit dangerous!
Lot C of Ngoc Chau Island urban area
Tuan Chau Ward
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With
many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the...
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
A62-A63-A64-A65 QH Dormitory Au Tau Au Lac Company
Halong Bay 01000,
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent
value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long…
Duong Xuyen Dao
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars,
it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
Du_ng Ng_c Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 200000,
The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
The resort is very good value for money. Good
location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and…
H11, Urban South of Tuan Chau
We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
We were just finished our vacation to ha long
city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it…
O A78 A79 Au Tau
Tuan Chau
Ha Long 01000 - 02000,
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to
service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
O So 1
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the
4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for…
Blog 45 South Tuan Chau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 20303,
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is
absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was...
Ngoc Chau street
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs
so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection...
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673,
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road
Ha Long,
O 61 Khu Cang Tau
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island 202620,
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are
broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom…
Ngoc Chau G35 Khu G Du An KDT
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a
ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba…
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
