Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Nha Nghi Ngoi Sao
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Hai Phong
Wonder Hotel
Kovie Hotel
Hai Phong Homestay
V Hotel 2
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Pham Ha Phuong Tien Thanh Hotel
1 review
#78 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
Nui Doi Hotel
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Dieu Thuyen Motel
The Flamboyant - StayWork Vinhomes Marina
Viet 4 Seasons Hotel
3 reviews
#64 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This hotel is just a few years old. And everything is very well thought out. The rooms are well maintained, spacious and very clean. The staff is polite, smiling and not servile, which I find annoying. The food..."
"In my opinion, this place is so convenient with resonable price. Clean, safety and cozy with enthusiastic staff that have help me a lot during staying here. So close to Van Cao - a place that is called like Little..."
ManMo The Sun Hotel
Dreamland - Chihouse
2 reviews
#76 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
GM International Hotel and Apartment
#101 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Hanvet Hotel Do son
#97 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed in the hotel for 1 night. I placed the order directly to the receptionist and received lower price than the price on the web. It helped me save a lot of money for the trip at weekend. Every room in the..."
Haiphong Woody Garden Hostel
Sunshine House
Hoang Tuyet Motel
25 reviews
#16 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The motel itself is located in a small alley in one of the main street in Hai Phong so there are lots of street/local food places around. Upon check in we were greeted by the hotel’s owners, an old couple who are..."
"The family who runs this place are all, very nice and helpful. They always give complimentary cracker, water, and fruits when you come, even after checking out. They welcomed us and allowed us to leave our bags..."
The Peninsula Haiphong Hotel and Apartment
Ngan Ha Hotel
The Shine 2 Hotel & Apartment
Camela Hotel & Resort
14 reviews
#79 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Very hard bed. Nice large room. Grand old place, it is quite old. Located a little way out of areas of food and bars. Taking ride in to Minh Khai area about 60k. Good buffet breakfast. Service was great."
"a reasonably well priced resort in hai phong located near the industrial area. vast space surrounding the hotel area with a big swimming pool. a word of caution though, could not find the depth of water mentioned..."
GeM.Th HOTEL
Hotel Nam Son
Thanh Doan Hotel Cat Ba
Minh Anh Hotel & Apartment
Top Rated
Khách Sạn Công Đoàn Hải Phòng
0.5 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 B&Bs / Inns in Le Chan
Lee Apartment & Hotel
4 reviews
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Moment Hotel
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Kollam
Raja Ampat
Antalya Province
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
