Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 BEST Resorts near Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Resorts near Halong Bay
View map
Resorts near Halong Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Halong Bay
Popular
5 stars
2
Breakfast included
5
Luxury
Property types
Resorts
+346
B&Bs & Inns
+135
Specialty lodgings
+67
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
3
Free parking
4
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 stars
1
Style
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Business
Show more
Brands
Vinpearl
13 of 1,876 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Halong Bay

Closest
1. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
10.6 miles from Halong Bay
#1 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Heartfelt thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience.”
2023
2. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
14.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
3. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
17.0 miles from Halong Bay
#3 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
4. Tuan Chau International Resort
14 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
16.9 miles from Halong Bay
#4 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
5. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#5 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
6. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
15.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
7. Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
35A, Van Cao | Ngo Quyen, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
34.4 miles from Halong Bay
#7 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...”
8. Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
36.5 miles from Halong Bay
#8 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...”
9. Sono Belle Hai Phong
Luu Kiem | Thuy Nguyen, Hai Phong, Vietnam
39.4 miles from Halong Bay
#9 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...”
10. Cat Ba Park Homestay
0 reviews
Thon H_i Son | Đường Xuyên, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
14.7 miles from Halong Bay
#10 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
11. Hon Dấu Resort
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward, Do Son, Hai Phong, Vietnam
29.9 miles from Halong Bay
#11 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
12. Hoa Loi Resort
Xuan Canh | Song Cau, Tuy Hoa, Vietnam
32.7 miles from Halong Bay
#12 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
13. Coto Jade Island
Khu 4, Dao Co To, Vietnam
36.1 miles from Halong Bay
#13 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
There are no more properties that match all of your filters. Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions. They may be in Halong Bay or nearby.
Yoko Onsen Quang Hanh
19 reviews
To 5, Khu 9B, Phuong Quang Hanh, Cam Pha 200000, Vietnam
9.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 11 hotels in Cam Pha
“The scene was so beautiful with mountain backdrops and peaceful design. There are many options for soaking with different temperatures & setting. The amenities were clean, well kept, and plentiful. The staff were...”
Top Rated
Hon Ngọc Xanh - Green Pearl Resort
Bed and Breakfast
3 reviews
Dao Ngoc Vung, Vietnam
8.5 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 1 B&B in Dao Ngoc Vung
Ruby Halong Homestay
Hostel
13 reviews
No.96, Group 58, Quater 6B | Ha Phong Ward, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
9.0 miles from Halong Bay
#22 of 147 specialty lodgings in Halong Bay
“If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to...”
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“A good getaway near Halong Bay”
Golden Palm HaLong Hotel
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina, Ha Long null, Vietnam
5.2 miles from Halong Bay
#28 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
“We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...”
BBQ Hostel
28 reviews
D307 MonBay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
10.1 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 163 specialty lodgings in Ha Long
“My friend and myself travelled across Vietnam for 12 days and in terms of hosting, the hast (the women) was absolutely incredible and our favorite from all the places we’ve been. We arrived late after 12 pm and...”
Royal Ha Long Hotel
6 reviews
144 Tran Quoc Nghien Street, Hong Ha Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#22 of 132 B&Bs in Halong Bay
“Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but...”
Ha Long Lily Homestay
Villa
4 reviews
So Nha 30, Duong Hoang Thi Hong Chiem, Phuong Hoognf Hai, Ha Long, Vietnam
10.2 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 163 specialty lodgings in Ha Long
“We stayed at Lily Homestay for 4 nights, good accomodation, what amazing hosts they were, heloing us with flights and tours saving us loads of money, nothing was too much trouble.... absolute total gems.”
30 Hoang Thi Hong Chiem, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#17 of 132 B&Bs in Halong Bay
“Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor...”
Osaka Hotel
Specialty Inn
139 Le Chan | Hong Ha ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
10.0 miles from Halong Bay
#48 of 147 specialty lodgings in Halong Bay
“A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower...”
Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
10.3 miles from Halong Bay
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
Halong Bai Tho Hotel
19-21 Lan Tuong, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
10.5 miles from Halong Bay
#33 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
Otoke Homestay
Tran Quoc Nghien D7 - 01 MonBay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
10.8 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 132 B&Bs in Halong Bay
“We stayed only 1 night in Otoke home stay and where surprised by the owners. This place is brand new, clean and looks modern, has a bar and served a delicious breakfast in the morning. The price is good, I would...”
Paris Hotel
Van Tien Dung | 120 Group 4, Hamlet 4C, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
11.0 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 74 B&Bs in Ha Long
Ruby Hotel
Lodge
534 Nguyen Van Cu | Hong Ha Ward, Hon Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
9.5 miles from Halong Bay
#57 of 147 specialty lodgings in Halong Bay
Green Capital Hotel
No.38 Hai Truong | Hong Hai Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#101 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
“We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...”
Luxstay Hotel Ha Long
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 01110, Vietnam
#45 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
“We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...”
13 of 1,876
Clear all filters
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Ha Long 200000,
Heartfelt thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience.
Heartfelt
thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury
Resort for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience.
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
Halong Bay,
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
35A, Van Cao
Ngo Quyen
Hai Phong 35000,
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome
fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District
Hai Phong,
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious
area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Luu Kiem
Thuy Nguyen
I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
I stayed here for about almost a month and
literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
Thon H_i Son
Đường Xuyên
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward
Do Son, Hai Phong,
Xuan Canh
Song Cau
Tuy Hoa,
Khu 4
Dao Co To,
To 5, Khu 9B, Phuong Quang Hanh
Cam Pha 200000,
The scene was so beautiful with mountain backdrops and peaceful design. There are many options for soaking with different temperatures & setting. The amenities were clean, well kept, and plentiful. The staff were...
The scene was so beautiful with mountain
backdrops and peaceful design. There are many options for soaking with different temperatures & setting. The amenities were clean, well kept, and plentiful. The staff were...
Dao Ngoc Vung,
No.96, Group 58, Quater 6B
Ha Phong Ward
Halong Bay 20000,
If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to...
If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of
the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to...
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha
A good getaway near Halong Bay
near Halong Bay
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina
Ha Long null,
We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
We arrived very late on night, but the
receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
D307 MonBay
My friend and myself travelled across Vietnam for 12 days and in terms of hosting, the hast (the women) was absolutely incredible and our favorite from all the places we’ve been. We arrived late after 12 pm and...
My friend and myself travelled across Vietnam for
12 days and in terms of hosting, the hast (the women) was absolutely incredible and our favorite from all the places we’ve been. We arrived late after 12 pm and...
144 Tran Quoc Nghien Street, Hong Ha Ward
Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but...
Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An
excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but...
So Nha 30, Duong Hoang Thi Hong Chiem, Phuong Hoognf Hai
Ha Long,
We stayed at Lily Homestay for 4 nights, good accomodation, what amazing hosts they were, heloing us with flights and tours saving us loads of money, nothing was too much trouble.... absolute total gems.
We stayed at Lily Homestay for 4 nights, good
accomodation, what amazing hosts they were, heloing us with flights and tours saving us loads of money, nothing was too much trouble.... absolute total gems.
30 Hoang Thi Hong Chiem
Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor...
Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is
very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor...
139 Le Chan
Hong Ha ward
A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower...
A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But
ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower...
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
19-21 Lan Tuong
Ha Long 01000,
Tran Quoc Nghien D7 - 01 MonBay
We stayed only 1 night in Otoke home stay and where surprised by the owners. This place is brand new, clean and looks modern, has a bar and served a delicious breakfast in the morning. The price is good, I would...
We stayed only 1 night in Otoke home stay and
where surprised by the owners. This place is brand new, clean and looks modern, has a bar and served a delicious breakfast in the morning. The price is good, I would...
Van Tien Dung
120 Group 4, Hamlet 4C, Hong Hai Ward
534 Nguyen Van Cu
Hong Ha Ward, Hon Gai
No.38 Hai Truong
Hong Hai Ward
We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
We booked one night in a two bed room with
windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward
Ha Long 01110,
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed.
The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
