Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Cat Ba National Park
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Cat Ba National Park
View map
Hotels near Cat Ba National Park
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cat Ba National Park
Popular
72
5 stars
12
Pool
56
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
109
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
129
161
172
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
776 of 1,892 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cat Ba National Park

1. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
130 reviews
| Viet Hai, Cat Hai, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#1 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...”
Top Rated
2. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
2.0 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#2 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Such a beautiful stay tucked away in the jungle near Cat Ba National park! the view out of our cabin was unreal.”
Highest-rated hotel within 3 miles of Cat Ba National Park
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
3. Green Homestay
19 reviews
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
2.8 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#3 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...”
4. Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
135 Tung Dinh Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
5.2 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#4 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...”
5. Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
29 Du_ng 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
5.1 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#5 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…”
Closest
6. Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#6 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...”
7. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
No 43, 1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Lovely little hotel, very friendly staff, Dinh on reception is so helpful, she organized our boat trip to Lan Ha Bay, which was really good and our tour to Cat Ba National Park with our guide Luu, very informative...”
8. Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#8 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…”
9. Catba Dung Lien Hotel
1/4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.”
10. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
143 Tung Dinh, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 05406, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…”
11. Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
197 Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
5.4 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#11 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…”
12. Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
188 1 4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...”
13. Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
Nam Cat Island | Lan Ha Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#13 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...”
14. Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
173 Cai Beo, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...”
15. Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
3 reviews
43 Mot Thang Tu | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
5.3 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#15 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…”
16. Lynh's Villa
10 reviews
5/72 Ha Sen, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.8 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#16 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…”
17. Alibaba's Hotel
6 reviews
229 Cai Beo, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...”
18. Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
2 reviews
12 Tung Dinh, Cat Ba, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...”
19. Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
172 Du_ng 1/4, Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…”
20. Seoul Hotel 2 & Apartment
1 review
Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
5.0 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#20 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
21. Catba Tropicana Homestay
17 reviews
21 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...”
22. Duc Tuan Hotel
294 reviews
No: 210 - 1/4 Str, Group 17th, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…”
23. Windy Hill Catba Homestay
Duong Xuyen Dao, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#23 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...”
24. Cat Ba Seaview Hotel
220 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.”
25. Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
16/3 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...”
26. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
5.5 miles from Cat Ba National Park
#26 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...”
27. Venus Hostel
74 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...”
28. Cat Ba Bay Vision Hotel
So 201, To Dan Pho 17, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…”
29. New Way Hotel and Restaurant
207 M_t Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
30. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
231- 232 Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 1,892 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The guy at the reception helped us to book all transportations and tours to Lan Ha Bay and Cat Ba national park.”
Visit hotel website
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Cat Ba National Park information
Hotels Near Cat Ba National Park
There are 500 Hotels nearby in Cat Ba
Hotels nearby reviews
There are 12,087 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels nearby photos
There are 14,545 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.17 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Cat Ba National Park
Do any hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba have a pool?
Popular hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba that have a pool include:
Catba Sunrise Resort - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Cat Ba Eco Lodge - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
What are the best hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba?
Some of the best hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba are:
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Green Homestay - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba:
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba:
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Monkey Island Resort - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Duc Tuan Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba are romantic?
These hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort - Traveler rating: 3.0/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba:
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba are good for families?
Families traveling in Cat Ba enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Cat Ba National Park:
Which hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba allow pets?
These hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba generally allow pets:
Venus Hostel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Do any hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba offer free breakfast?
Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following hotels near Cat Ba National Park in Cat Ba:
Hai Long Hotel - Traveler rating: 3.5/5
776 of 1,892 properties
Clear all filters
Viet Hai, Cat Hai
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free
wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Such a beautiful stay tucked away in the jungle near Cat Ba National park! the view out of our cabin was unreal.
Such a beautiful stay tucked away in the
jungle near Cat Ba National park! the view
Cat Ba National park
out of our cabin was unreal.
Highest-rated hotel
Hamlet 1, Xuan Dam Commune, Cat Hai District
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from
the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch...
135 Tung Dinh Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
Only went to the restaurant but service was
great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack...
29 Du_ng 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went
above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me…
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000,
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but
the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
No 43, 1/4 Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
Lovely little hotel, very friendly staff, Dinh on reception is so helpful, she organized our boat trip to Lan Ha Bay, which was really good and our tour to Cat Ba National Park with our guide Luu, very informative...
Lovely little hotel, very friendly staff, Dinh on reception is so helpful, she organized our boat trip to Lan Ha Bay, which was really good and
our tour to Cat Ba National Park with our
guide Luu, very informative...
S_ 6, T_ 1 D_p Nu_c, Ha Sen
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the
citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and…
1/4 Street
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel,
all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great.
143 Tung Dinh
Cat Hai, Hai Phong 05406,
Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…
Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a
very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us…
197 Street 1/4
We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…
We were here for 2 nights and had a really big
room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It…
188 1 4 Street
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also
rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
Nam Cat Island
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with
our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
173 Cai Beo
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main
town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
43 Mot Thang Tu
Cat Ba Town
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
A lovely and well-maintained hotel situated along
the captivating Cat Ba foreshore. We opted for bike rentals from the hotel, and the staff proved to be exceptionally accommodating. Breakfast was delightful, and…
5/72 Ha Sen
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong, but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
I would say it was all just okay. Nothing wrong,
but nothing exceptional either. Hotel was clean. Breakfast was good. Location wasn't very central, (about 20 minute walk into town). Air con only worked when you…
229 Cai Beo
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel
for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
12 Tung Dinh, Cat Ba
Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...
Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s
comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here...
172 Du_ng 1/4
Cat Hai, Hai Phong 01234,
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba
island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying…
21 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc
Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...
Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help
us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed...
No: 210 - 1/4 Str, Group 17th
Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…
Best feature is its position - right on the bay
and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you…
Duong Xuyen Dao
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars,
it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center...
220 Duong 1/4
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
Good emplacement, motorbike cheap and nice staff
thx! Breakkie not to bad , only one night past here, bus and guides facilities V. V.
16/3 Nui Ngoc
A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...
A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator,
bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom...
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap.
The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
74 Nui Ngoc
Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...
Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where
needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...
So 201, To Dan Pho 17
Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…
Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision
tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay…
207 M_t Thang Tu
231- 232 Street 1/4
The guy at the reception helped us to book all transportations and tours to Lan Ha Bay and Cat Ba national park.
The guy at the reception helped us to book all transportations and
tours to Lan Ha Bay and Cat Ba national park.
Cat Ba national park
3
4
5
6
…
Catba Sunrise Resort
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Green Homestay
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Monkey Island Resort
Duc Tuan Hotel
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
- Traveler rating: 3.0/5
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
Venus Hostel
Hai Long Hotel
- Traveler rating: 3.5/5
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
8
9
10
11
13
14
15
16
17
18
20
21
22
23
25
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
