8 ways to reconnect with nature on your travels, no matter where you are in the world
The most memorable getaways give us the things we crave—mesmerizing sights, exciting explorations, and a more intentional pace. And if you retreat to nature when you’re miles away, it rewards you in wonderfully different ways.
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayNightlife in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Nightlife Activities
Nightlife in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nightlife
Nature & Parks
Classes & Workshops
Sights & Landmarks
Fun & Games
Bar, Club & Pub Tours
Bars & Clubs
Dance Clubs & Discos
Karaoke Bars
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Good for Big Groups
Budget-friendly
20 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. FOM Club Ha Long
14
Bars & Clubs • Dance Clubs & Discos
By scotti680
Awesome spot, speak good english and great restaurant next door catering for expats.. great night out.
2. Moon Light Bar
3
3. Sun - Cocktailbar
2
By T2195JFluigig
Basti ( the manager from Germany) is definetely a nice, helpful and super funny guy. Highly recommended!
4. Amazon Bar
5. Karaoke King Dom
1
Open now
6. District 8 Bar Coffee
Bars & Clubs • Coffeehouses
7. H Club
8. Pirates Club
9. Pirates Club
10. FOM Club - Hạ Long
11. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
12. Whisky Gallery Bar - JO Pub
5
By QuangH114
Quiet space. Everyone can drink coffee. Use lunch . Dinner drinking wine and listen to soft music. With singer...
13. Vicki`s Bar
By Spicer100
A great place to chill before or after dinner. Very near Papa's BBQ and Advocado. Near to the main tourist area and...
14. Halong Bay Group Tours
Submarine Tours • Duck Tours
By Camper48641463974
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I...
15. Halong Bay Private Tours
Sightseeing Tours • Horse-Drawn Carriage Tours
16. Vanillahalongvillas
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
17. Essence Grand Halong Bay Cruises
18. Vietnam Amaing Travel Co., Ltd
Multi-day Tours • Motorcycle Tours
19. Hạ Long Daily Tours
20. Halong bay tour 1 day trip by wecozyvietnam
Sports Camps & Clinics • Sightseeing Tours
What travelers are saying
Sightseer59400120591
1 contribution
0
Fom club
Awesome place, great party atmosphere. Good drinks and great service. Would recommend this is a place to visit if in the vicinity
Review of: FOM Club Ha Long
Written January 22, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Luigi G
Halong Bay, Vietnam14 contributions
Best cocktails
Went there the last night with friends. Since the beggining the staff of the bar was very welcoming and smiley and they showed us the well designed menu. We decided for cocktails: the classic ones were absolutely well prepared and presented and their signature cocktails were really impressive. Try the Pho cocktail ( inspired by the typical Vietnamese soup) it really tastes like pho! The atmosphere was cool and they also have a pool table. Last but not least mr. Basti ( the manager from Germany) is definetely a nice, helpful and super funny guy. Highly recommended!
Read more
Review of: Sun - Cocktailbar
Written May 22, 2018
Lunymar
Hanoi, Vietnam103 contributions
Wonderful overnight cruise
Earlier reviews of Ha Long Bay itself mention trash. I was very pleased to see barely any trash once we got away from the port area. Single-use plastics have been banned for some time now, which will have helped enormously.

Anyway, to our trip... from our pick-up at Hanoi Opera on an extremely comfortable minibus to when we were dropped back there the following day, we thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
The staff were excellent. The boat has 22 cabins and was full, I think. Each cabin has a private balcony, where you can sit and enjoy the views. There was a corner jacuzzi in our cabin, which would be nice if you go in winter.
There were only 5 Westerners onboard, but both the boat manager and assistant manager spoke very good English and made sure that all announcements were made in English as well as Vietnamese.
The other staff were also excellent and the service of a high standard. The food was good and plentiful - a bit too plentiful, actually. We felt guilty at having to leave so much of what was put on our table. An earlier review mentioned lack of drinking water. Perhaps that comment was acted on, as there was free drinking water with all meals, on the launch for trips off of the boat, and there to greet us when we returned from them.
The short trips off the boat are all worth doing as long as you know what to expect. The trip to Surprising Cave was our favourite. The cave is massive and the lighting shows off the features well. The kayaking is for only a short time around a small bay, which was crowded with other kayakers. The 'bamboo boat' option around the same small bay was not on bamboo boats, just large rowing boats. The swimming trip is to a small man-made beach, but it was lovely to get into the water to cool off.
My daughter enjoyed the karaoke in the evening, which had lots of Western songs to choose from. However, the best thing of all was sitting up on the top deck, sipping a G&T and watching the incredible sunset.
Review of: Dynasty Cruises Halong
Written August 1, 2020
Jane S
4 contributions
Fun fun fun
Great food,drinks and entertainment . July and Jenni entertained us, got us up singing and dancing. The bar staff were great keeping our drinks top up. We could use the bar menu as well as the hotel menu both of which served great food
Review of: Whisky Gallery Bar - JO Pub
Written January 5, 2017
Simon
Ha Long, Vietnam4 contributions
Central location
A great place to chill before or after dinner. Very near Papa's BBQ and Advocado. Near to the main tourist area and food street but much cheaper drinks. Sports shown for big matches of football and Rugby.
Review of: Vicki`s Bar
Written December 27, 2019
mxtibep
Texas5 contributions
Interesting activity!
After two days visiting Ha Noi my friend who traveled to Vietnam last year recommend Ha Long. It's seemed to be that I am the first traveler to book tour from Halong Bay Group Tours. We were picked up us from our hotel in Ha Noi then joined into one group of 30 other travelers who have the same trip. The tour included transportation from Ha Noi, cruise and food on Ha Long bay. Not bad full-day tour!
Review of: Halong Bay Group Tours
Written November 1, 2022
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for nightlife in Halong Bay?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
scotti680
Awesome spot, speak good english and great restaurant next door catering for expats.. great
night
out.
2.
3.
T2195JFluigig
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
Travellingfullys
12.
QuangH114
13.
Spicer100
14.
Camper48641463974
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
Halong Bay, Vietnam
14 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
103 contributions
Ha Long, Vietnam
Texas
5 contributions
