Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Jayden C wrote a review Dec 2023
1 contribution
Wonderful
The room was amazing, extremely comfortable beds with a breathtaking view. The staff are very accommodating and always willing to help with anything you need. There are few dishes in the kitchen, but the amount of great restaurants in the area more than make up for it.
Read more
Date of stay: December 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Jan 2, 2024
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach for your vacation. We look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang city. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Linhnguyen wrote a review Dec 2023
Da Nang, Vietnam2 contributions
Highly Reccommend
Great, everythin' was amazing. I went in rainy days but it's still ok cuz sometimes sunny came. I was supported a lot by staff in the hotel. A staff Lien or lin (I don't remember exactly) helped me find my lost item. Thank you. Once again I would come back there when I have a chance to get Viet Nam.
Date of stay: November 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon! Best Regards, À La Carte Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
RunAround8765 wrote a review Dec 2023
15 contributions8 helpful votes
Best hotel in danang
Excellent stay and great location with everything you need at a very good price. View from the rooftop is one of the best, and the service is top notch. Loc at the front desk is a superstar! Will definitely be back soon, and look forward to seeing her again
Responded Dec 27, 2023
Dear Guest, Greeting from À La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Google. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
billy c wrote a review Dec 2023
The overall service is good, but I checked in on my birthday on the 5th of this month. I hoped to upgrade to a full seav
I would like to give Mrs HUYEN & LOC, Compliment . They were found very positive Assist us while we are taken the photo in Hotel Reception opposite side & help us call the Grab to Red Church with Hon Market cause we don't Know how to write the address in apps. Especially Advise us selected Cheap Price to our Destination. let me save Money👍👍 On the other side always keep the smile, I will back on Next trip
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. We are glad that À La Carte Danang Beach and our team were able to offer you the experience that you expected from us. We wish to welcome you back soon. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
Paradise29227848535 wrote a review Dec 2023
GREAT
Good location, room is comfortable and clean, my view room is very nice, i can overlook sunset, staffs are very kind, ms Lien helped me to book flight ticket to Hanoi Highly recommend, i will come back here for next trip
Responded Dec 21, 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Teddy J wrote a review Dec 2023
I had a great trip in the hotel. Everything was perfect from furniture to people. My stay is comfortable. One staff helped and supported a lot. If my memory serves me right, she is lien. Thanks a lot. I will come back for the next trip
Responded Dec 20, 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day! À La Carte Team
Gloria S wrote a review Dec 2023
Perth, Australia3 contributions
Relaxing stay
A la carte hotel was the nicest hotel we stayed at during our visit to Vietnam. Amazing view of the hill and coastline from the rooftop Infinity pool, the spa was divine and smelled amazing, the rooms were very comfortable and spacious, and the food was delicious. Highly recommend!
kimmy c wrote a review Dec 2023
2 contributions1 helpful vote
10 out of 10 stars I would recommend this property.
The hotel was beautiful quite appropriate The staff is very friendly, attentive. The ladies at the front desk Thuong and Loc were the best staff I have ever had in a hotel. The spa facilities and rooftop pool and bar put a crowning touch to my stay.
1 Helpful vote
Dear Guest, Thank you for patronizing À La Carte, and taking time out to share your experience on Google. All of us are delighted that we could ensure a comfortable stay during your visit. Thank you once again for your stay and your feedback and look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte Danang Beach. Have a nice day! À La Carte Team
Companion36796135159 wrote a review Dec 2023
Santa Clara, California1 contribution
The wonderful experience at A La Carte.
The recent wonderful vacation at A La Carte Hotel was not just a simple journey but also an incredible experience that awakened all my senses. From the moment I stepped foot into the hotel to the enthusiastic reception, everything here radiated elegance and meticulous care. The attentive service from the staff was not only a job but also a genuine expression of sincerity and readiness to assist. Every request from my family was promptly and professionally fulfilled, creating a tranquil and secure space. Looking back on the vacation, I not only hold onto beautiful images of A La Carte Hotel but also the most wonderful emotions from the time spent with my family.
Jennis S wrote a review Dec 2023
I had a great time in Da Nang city. The hotel is really good. People are helpful and hospitable. Ms Lien helped me a lot during my stay in the hotel. Thanks a lot. I will come back and stay in the hotel again.
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Jayden C
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Linhnguyen
Da Nang, Vietnam
2 contributions
RunAround8765
15 contributions
15
8 helpful votes
8
billy c
Paradise29227848535
Teddy J
Gloria S
Perth, Australia
3 contributions
kimmy c
1 helpful vote
Companion36796135159
Santa Clara, California
Jennis S
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
