Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
46 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
2. Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
#2 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
3. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
#3 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
Best Seller
4. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#4 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
5. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#5 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
6. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#6 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
7. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
#7 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
8. Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
#8 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"The hotel is non-smoking so families with children can feel secure."
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
9. Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#9 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the first..."
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
10. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#10 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
11. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#11 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
12. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#12 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
13. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#13 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
14. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#14 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
15. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#15 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
16. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#16 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
17. Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#17 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
18. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#18 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
19. SeaStar Hotel
9 reviews
#19 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by..."
"What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make sure..."
20. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#20 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
21. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#21 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
22. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
1 review
#22 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
23. Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#23 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
24. Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#24 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
25. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#25 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
26. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
#26 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
27. Ha Long 3 Hotel
3 reviews
#27 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi..."
"A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the..."
28. Lake Hills Hotel Halong
#28 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
29. Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
#29 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
30. Bach Dang Hotel
#30 Best Value of 46 Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Non-Smoking Hotels information
Non-Smoking Hotels Halong Bay
46
Non-Smoking Hotels Prices From
$14
Non-Smoking Hotels Reviews
5,523
Non-Smoking Hotels Photos
5,937
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
46 of 474
The hotel is non-smoking so families with children can feel secure.
The hotel is
non-smoking
so families with children can feel secure.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
