Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
A Relaxing Island Escape to Indonesia
Sumba, Indonesia
Apr 7 - Apr 13, 2023
Friends Trip, 5 days, 4 people
Interests: Beach, Local Cuisine, Local Culture, Wellness & Spas
Vibe: Adventurous
Considerations: Vegetarian
Trip Designer: Dianna U
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024
Terms
Report a map error
Day 1
Flight from Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) to Tambolaka Airport (TMC)
Airport Transfer to Resort
Your driver will meet you at the airport upon arrival. He’ll be holding a sign with your name. Sit back and enjoy the beautiful scenery as your driver gives you a little background on the island and its history.
Check in at NIHI Sumba
Their tagline is "the edge of wildness" and this is exactly what you will experience at NIHI. From perfect ocean waves (ideal for surfing), to riding horses along the beach and in the ocean, exploring beautiful waterfalls, green valleys and friendly local villages, this is a special place that you will not soon forget. The staff will escort you to your two-bedroom villa upon arrival. Don’t forget full board and daily yoga classes are included in your stay!
NIHI Sumba
(779)
Desa Hobawawi Kecamatan Wanukaka, Sumba 87272 Indonesia
+62 361 757149
Reco Perk:
"Floating Breakfast" amenity
Day 2
Floating Breakfast
Wake up to the most magical floating breakfast display right outside your villa in the pool! Don’t worry, there will be lots of delicious vegetarian options to choose from.
Tour The Sumba Foundation
To really experience how your stay and the resort itself are making a difference in the lives of the indigenous Sumbanese people, a visit here is well worth your time.
Swimming with Horses at Nihiwatu Beach
The horses enjoy refreshing themselves in the water at Nihiwatu Beach. Being able to experience how they wade, splash, and play in the ocean is very unique and special. When the ocean causes their hooves to leave the ground and they start to swim a little you feel yourself float momentarily above their backs, it’s amazing!
Exclusive access to private tours
Day 3
Spa Safari
Your day begins just after sunrise with a 90-minute optional trek through rolling hills, expansive rice fields, and a traditional Sumbanese village. After the trek, cold towels and fresh coconut await you before arriving at your dining area cantilevered over a private natural cove, where a full breakfast is served. Once settled, you may choose to enjoy a swim in the ocean or simply dive right in to your selection of treatments, which range from body wraps and scrubs to 90-minute massages and an organic facial. Ultimately the day is centered on you: your wants and your needs at whatever pace truly allows you to unwind.
Suggested: Yoga with Ocean Views
I highly recommend taking a complimentary yoga class in the evening overlooking the most serene, oceanfront view of Sumba.
Start planning with Dianna for a full personalized itinerary
Learn more about planning a trip with a Reco Trip Designer. Chats occur in our secure portal. Chatting is always free. If it’s a good match, you’ll have the option to hire for $200.
Match with an Indonesia expert
View Dianna’s Profile
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
