Skip to main content
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hai Phong TourismHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Bed and BreakfastHai Phong Vacation RentalsFlights to Hai PhongHai Phong RestaurantsThings to Do in Hai PhongHai Phong Travel ForumHai Phong PhotosHai Phong Map
Hotels
All Hai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotel DealsLast Minute Hotels in Hai PhongBy Hotel TypeBy Hotel ClassBy Hotel BrandPopular AmenitiesPopular Hai Phong CategoriesNear LandmarksNear AirportsExplore more top hotelsPopular Hotel Categories
Hai Phong MotelsHai Phong HostelsHai Phong ResortsHai Phong Beach HotelsHai Phong Business HotelsHai Phong CasinosHai Phong Spa ResortsHai Phong Luxury HotelsRomantic Hotels in Hai PhongHai Phong Family HotelsHai Phong Green Hotels
4-Star Hotels in Hai Phong3-Star Hotels in Hai Phong5-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
Accor Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Free ParkingPet Friendly Hotels in Hai PhongHai Phong Hotels with Pools
Hai Phong Affordable HotelsHai Phong Cheap Pet Friendly HotelsHai Phong Cheap Beach HotelsFamily Resorts in Hai PhongHai Phong Hotels with GymHai Phong Non-Smoking HotelsHai Phong Shopping HotelsHai Phong Hotels with FireplacesHai Phong Accessible HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Hotels near Cat Ba IslandHotels near Cat Ba Smile ToursHotels near Hospital CaveHotels near Lan Ha BayHotels near Cat Ba National ParkHotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba islandHotels near Cat Ba Panorama TravelHotels near Halong Capella CruiseHotels near Langur's AdventuresHotels near Cat Co 1 Beach
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)Motels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Hayes Mansion San Jose, Curio Collection by HiltonGrand Hyatt Playa Del Carmen ResortGrand Casino HotelHotel Magic MountainHoliday Inn Express Orange Beach-on the Beach, an IHG HotelParadise CityHacienda NegronAsteria Kemer ResortBoston Marriott BurlingtonChaweng Regent Beach ResortBahia Principe Sunlight Costa AdejeCourtyard by Marriott Los Angeles L.A. LIVEAmadria Park AndrijaIncheon Airport Transit Hotel -Terminal 2Berkeley Shore Hotel
Popular All-Inclusive ResortsPopular Beach ResortsPopular Family ResortsPopular All-Inclusive HotelsPopular Hotels With WaterparksPopular Honeymoon ResortsPopular Luxury ResortsPopular All-Inclusive Family ResortsPopular Golf ResortsPopular Spa ResortsPopular Cheap Resorts
Things to DoRestaurantsFlightsVacation RentalsTravel StoriesCruisesRental Cars
ToursAdd a PlaceTravel ForumAirlinesTravelers' ChoiceHelp Center
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Lounge in Hai Phong
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
4.0 of 5 bubbles& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
5.0 of 5 bubbles
3.0 of 5 bubbles& up
2.0 of 5 bubbles& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Sort
Filter • 2
Map
Searching hundreds of travel sites to find you the best priceClear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Properties ranked using exclusive Tripadvisor data, including traveler ratings, confirmed availability from our partners, prices, booking popularity and location, as well as personal user preferences and recently viewed hotels.
Traveler Ranked
Highest rated hotels on Tripadvisor, based on traveler reviews.
Distance to city center
See properties located closest to the center first with confirmed availability for your dates from our partners
Hotels & Motels
Executive Lounge Access
2023
1. Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
152 reviews
#1 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
2. Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#2 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
3. Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#3 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
Visit hotel website
4. Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
87 reviews
#4 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"It's wonderful, that's how I feel when I'm here, the space is clean and open, there's even a swimming pool to enjoy the romantic space, the staff are friendly and enthusiastic, the food and drinks here are also very..."
"Everything about this hotel is perfect. Fabulous in every respect. From the room with a picture window over the bay, to the sophisticated bar and pool area on the rooftop, to the amazing staff to the delicious..."
5. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
#5 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from..."
"I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with..."
6. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#6 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
7. Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#7 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
8. Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
#8 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
9. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
#9 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
10. Hoàng Gia Minh Hotel Cát Bà Hải Phòng
0 reviews
#10 Best Value of 10 Hai Phong Hotels with Lounge
Hotels with Lounge nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Read more
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Lounge
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Seoul
Seoul is the business and cultural hub of South Korea, where skyscrapers tower over Buddhist temples. Take it all in from the N Seoul Tower, built atop a peak in Namsan Park. The teahouses and shops of Insadong give you a taste of Korean flavor, which you can further experience with a visit to the grounds and museums of Gyeongbokgung. UNESCO World Heritage Site Changdeokgung Palace is a fine example of authentic ancient architecture.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Sydney
Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary Art. The views from the Sydney Tower Eye observatory are epic – use this chance to get to know the layout of the city from high above.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Top Rated
This is one of the highest rated properties in Bai Chay
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
206 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
The Yacht Hotel by DC
34 reviews
23.8 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
"The staff are lovely and always attentive and very helpful. The rooms are fantastic, beds are great, towels are fluffy, and the bathroom is awesome. View of the bay would be great on a clear day. Amazing deserts..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
23.7 miles from Hai Phong
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
24.1 miles from Hai Phong
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
26.3 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel."
"Property was more or less what I expected, a new and nice but not luxurious property- more like a good four star than five star category. Front desk staff was helpful and professional and gave us some small upgrade..."
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
#85 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Best Seller
This is one of the most booked hotels in Nam Dinh over the last 60 days.
SOJO Hotel Nam Dinh
40 reviews
44.0 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 9 hotels in Nam Dinh
"Beautiful clean and the pictures are exactly what you get. Loved the kitchen where you could cook your own food. All the Staff are very friendly and helpful. They not very fluent in english but they try. Will..."
"Our experience at SOJO hotel was great. The rooms are extremely stylish and furnished with everything you require for a comfortable stay. The staff is exquisite, trying their best to accommodate for the guests..."
Grand Phoenix Hotel
2 reviews
45.2 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
"I would not rate this as a five star hotel, a four star would be appropriate. The room was nice, but a bit small. The beds were very comfy and were the best thing about our stay. There was no mini bar or snack tray..."
"- Like: looks clean; taking care of hygiene during COVID season by equipping special trash bin; - Don’t like: aircon was very poor in a new hotel; staff feedback is slow (this is the surprise for 20 year experience..."
Bac Ninh Venus Hotel
45.7 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
Bac Ninh Vienna Hotel
46.0 miles from Hai Phong
#14 of 68 hotels in Bac Ninh
The First Stay Hotel
3 reviews
48.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 hotels in Van Giang
"It was so reasonable rate and very big size hotel.Breakfast in the Golf lounge was so nice for me. And staffs are very kind for guest. There is a CGV so it is very unique benefits for business travelers. This hotel..."
"It was a great hotel, lovely location and breakfast were amazing. We received a friendly welcome and would highly recommend The First Stay hotel. The high points were the bed and the bathroom.<3 <3 <3"
Grand View Palace Ha Long Hotel
26.5 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The..."
Royal Airport Hotel Hanoi
47.0 miles from Hai Phong
Roxy Hotel
In Hai Phong
#136 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"terrible this hotel was so dirty. toilet was completely flush with water, toilet brush just lay on the floor. the glasses were so dirty and there was dust everywhere. towels were missing. we pointed out rooms and..."
"This place sucks!! The Road outside makes a lot of noice, the staff doesn’t understand snu english at all!! The room was extremely dirty, the aircondition didn’t work, so we Got another room. This was just as dirty..."
Pina Hotel Cat Ba
9 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#24 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
Galaxy Cat Ba Hotel Elite
16 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The hotel has a beautiful, central location, near many delicious seafood restaurants and cafes, convenient for living and going out, especially at night. The hotel owner is friendly and prepares a delicious..."
"What a great experience for a bargain price! The staff were so friendly and helpful, always happy to answer questions and offer advice. The breakfast was a great way to start the day after a very comfortable and..."
Enjoy Hostel
#84 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Orchid Hotel
6 reviews
697.0 miles from Hai Phong
#44 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Before we arrived Linda, the manager, got in touch with us offering a wealth of local recommendations and offered to help with any and all booking and logistics. Upon arrival Linda provided information about the..."
"Perfect hotel!! Linda is just the best. She helped us with everything we needed, we are really grateful to her. It was our friend's birthday and she helped me to go and buy a cake as a surprise. 😊 The beds are..."
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#35 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Lounge information
Hotels with Lounge Hai Phong
10
Hotels with Lounge Prices From
$12
Hotels with Lounge Reviews
520
Hotels with Lounge Photos
1,248
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with lounge
What are the best hotels with lounge in Hai Phong?
Some of the best hotels with lounge in Hai Phong are:
Mercure Hai Phong - Traveler rating: 5/5
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong allow pets?
These hotels with lounge in Hai Phong generally allow pets:
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel - Traveler rating: 5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have free parking?
These hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have free parking:
Do any hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
These hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a spa:
What are some hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Kids enjoy a variety of activities at these hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Convenient airport transportation is offered by these popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
It is always best to call ahead to confirm any transportation details.
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
Here are some popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that offer air conditioning:
Which hotels with lounge in Hai Phong have a restaurant on-site?
Guests can enjoy an on-site restaurant at these hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
What are some popular hotels with lounge in Hai Phong that have a family room?
A family room is available at the following hotels with lounge in Hai Phong:
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of UsePrivacy and Cookies StatementCookie consentSite MapHow the site worksContact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Hai Phong Tourism
Hai Phong Bed and Breakfast
Hai Phong Vacation Rentals
Flights to Hai Phong
Hai Phong Restaurants
Things to Do in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Travel Forum
Hai Phong Photos
Hai Phong Map
All Hai Phong Hotels
Hai Phong Hotel Deals
Last Minute Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Motels
Hai Phong Hostels
Hai Phong Resorts
Hai Phong Beach Hotels
Hai Phong Business Hotels
Hai Phong Casinos
Hai Phong Spa Resorts
Hai Phong Luxury Hotels
Romantic Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Family Hotels
Hai Phong Green Hotels
4-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
3-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
5-Star Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Free Parking
Pet Friendly Hotels in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Pools
Hai Phong Affordable Hotels
Hai Phong Cheap Pet Friendly Hotels
Hai Phong Cheap Beach Hotels
Family Resorts in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Gym
Hai Phong Non-Smoking Hotels
Hai Phong Shopping Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels with Fireplaces
Hai Phong Accessible Hotels
Hai Phong Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Hotels near Cat Ba Island
Hotels near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Hotels near Hospital Cave
Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
Hotels near Cat Ba National Park
Hotels near Signature Journey - Cat Ba island
Hotels near Cat Ba Panorama Travel
Hotels near Halong Capella Cruise
Hotels near Langur's Adventures
Hotels near Cat Co 1 Beach
Hotels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Motels near Catbi Airport (HPH)
Hayes Mansion San Jose, Curio Collection by Hilton
Grand Hyatt Playa Del Carmen Resort
Grand Casino Hotel
Hotel Magic Mountain
Holiday Inn Express Orange Beach-on the Beach, an IHG Hotel
Paradise City
Hacienda Negron
Asteria Kemer Resort
Boston Marriott Burlington
Chaweng Regent Beach Resort
Bahia Principe Sunlight Costa Adeje
Courtyard by Marriott Los Angeles L.A. LIVE
Amadria Park Andrija
Incheon Airport Transit Hotel -Terminal 2
Berkeley Shore Hotel
Popular All-Inclusive Resorts
Popular Beach Resorts
Popular Family Resorts
Popular All-Inclusive Hotels
Popular Hotels With Waterparks
Popular Honeymoon Resorts
Popular Luxury Resorts
Popular All-Inclusive Family Resorts
Popular Golf Resorts
Popular Spa Resorts
Popular Cheap Resorts
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Tours
Add a Place
Travel Forum
Airlines
Travelers' Choice
Help Center
1 room
2 adults
0 children
& up
Searching hundreds of travel sites to find you the best price
Mercure Hai Phong
- Traveler rating: 5/5
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
