Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Outdoor Pool in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Outdoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
16 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
2023
1. Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
205 reviews
#1 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
Best Seller
2. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#2 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"There is both large (at least 20 m long) indoor and outdoor pool (40m)."
"The hotel is surrounded by beaches has a huge outdoor swimming pool and a large indoor swimming pool."
3. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#3 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
4. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#4 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
5. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
#5 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
6. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#6 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
7. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
#7 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
8. Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#8 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
9. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#9 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
10. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#10 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
11. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#11 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
12. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
#12 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
13. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#13 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
14. Ha Long Harbour Hotel
6 reviews
#14 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
15. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#15 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
16. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#16 Best Value of 16 Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Outdoor Pool
San Juan
Shanghai
The largest city in China is also its most cosmopolitan, offering visitors a chance to experience the past, present, and future all at once. The Huangpu River splits Shanghai into two districts: Pudong and Puxi. The Pudong skyline looks like it was ripped from the Jetsons, with the bulbous Oriental Pearl TV and Radio Tower looking a bit like a two headed lollipop. On the Puxi side, you can walk the Bund riverside district to get a taste of old Shanghai.
Read more
Awaji-shima
Shimoda
Kamchatka Krai
Echuca
Hunter Valley
Ballarat
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Jambiani
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Outdoor poolHotels & Motels
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
23.5 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The bar area and outdoor pool was really terrific."
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
Visit hotel website
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
22.4 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
23.1 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Hotel is good, very clean, fabulous food and a lovely outdoor pool."
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Pearl River Hotel
154 reviews
23.7 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is about a 10 minute drive from the airport. This hotel is an extraordinary venue that caters to luxurious needs. Cleanliness all over the place was impeccable. Staff were very friendly and helpful. It..."
"The best place to have with family and friends. I visited with my family and friends and enjoyed alot will all my family and friends. We had the best food and having the best suite room and good for childre. "
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"If having chance, I will definitely come back here cause I did not have chance to experience the outdoor swimming pool on the top floor which I think is very cool."
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
3.3 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
"The hotel was lovely. We were only there for one night before getting on a cruise to the Ha Long Bay Islands. It is slightly more pricey than other hotels in Vietnam but it was an ideal location for the cruise..."
D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated, they're..."
"The hotel is on the hill. It has a large swimming pool with variable depth, including children pool. Rooms are large and clean. Service is fast. Breakfast is good, oferring both Vietnamese and international..."
The Yacht Hotel by DC
33 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Great value for a 5 star hotel with staff that really care that you enjoy your stay. My business partner was vegetarian and they picked that up straight away based on what they ordered for dinner and then made sure..."
"The staff are lovely and always attentive and very helpful. The rooms are fantastic, beds are great, towels are fluffy, and the bathroom is awesome. View of the bay would be great on a clear day. Amazing deserts..."
The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
3.1 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places..."
"This is the second time i stay at this hotel. The hotel is very new and clean, the staff is friendly. The breakfast is quite delicious, especialy Chicken Pho. I'm very satisfied an will come back next December."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
1 review
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
16
Hotels Prices From
$28
Hotels Reviews
4,570
Hotels Photos
5,271
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with outdoor pool
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
16 of 474
There is both large (at least 20 m long) indoor and outdoor pool (40m).
There is both large (at least 20 m long) indoor and
outdoor pool
(40m).
The hotel is surrounded by beaches has a huge outdoor swimming pool and a large indoor swimming pool.
The hotel is surrounded by beaches has a huge
outdoor swimming pool and
a large indoor swimming pool.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
The bar area and outdoor pool was really terrific.
The bar area and
was really terrific.
Hotel is good, very clean, fabulous food and a lovely outdoor pool.
Hotel is good, very clean, fabulous food and a
lovely outdoor pool
.
If having chance, I will definitely come back here cause I did not have chance to experience the outdoor swimming pool on the top floor which I think is very cool.
If having chance, I will definitely come back here cause I did not have chance to experience
the outdoor swimming pool
on the top floor which I think is very cool.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
