Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Cruiser30860351957 wrote a review Dec 2023
1 contribution
10 days in da Nang
This hotel was brilliant excellent location very clean and friendly staff room was massive and breakfast was wonderful only problem there was no bacon convenience store only meters away pool was lovely special mention to Rosie one of the staff members who was extremely helpful
Read more
Date of stay: September 2023
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Marcom ALC, Tiếp thị at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Dec 20, 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you so much for choosing À La Carte Danang Beach for your vacation. We look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang city. Best Regards, À La Carte Team
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Sharma M wrote a review Dec 2023
Best hotel in my heart ❤️
I was here on my trip to Da Nang and there's no arguing about the hotel's prime location close to the city center and right next to the beach. From the room, I could embrace the entire ocean. Not only that, the rooms here are very spacious and clean, and the breakfast is excellent. If you are a couple, you should try going to the hotel's top bar to have a cocktail and admire the sea, it's incredibly romantic. As for the hotel staff, they are exceptional. The staff is always cheerful and friendly, ready to assist, especially Rosy, who always answered my questions and provided me with great experiences in Da Nang with a smile always on her face. This is the best hotel and I will definitely come back. ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Date of stay: December 2023
Dear Guest, Thank you for sharing with us your feedback during your stay at our hotel. It was our great pleasure to be your choice of destination in Da Nang. Your compliments motivate us to excel in our services and deliver exceptional experiences for you and your beloved ones. We wish to welcome you back soon Best Regards, À La Carte Team
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Ann D wrote a review Dec 2023
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam1 contribution
Lovely stay
Lovely stay, very central location, a few steps to a mini mart and across the ocean. Rooftop pool and bar with scenic view. Very friendly and professional staff, especially Hong. Will definitely come back.
Dear Guest, What a wonderful review! We are glad that À La Carte Danang Beach and our team were able to offer you the experience that you expected from us. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Best Regard, À La Carte Team
Pooja K wrote a review Nov 2023
Wonderful experience
Excellent stay at a la carte hotel with amazing hospitality and lovely rooms, delicious food, excellent services provided. Our room was upgraded and even extra hourly stay was provided with all the facilities. Guests are guided well and the staff is warm and friendly.Huyen was a great help.
Date of stay: November 2023
Responded Dec 1, 2023
Dear Sir/ Madam, Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day!
T T wrote a review Nov 2023
spice spa @ alacarte
Type of massage : stretch (Thai massage) Therapist : Quynh Ngoc I received a massage on the last day of my trip to Da Nang. My body was quite tired due to Marble Mountain visit, but I found myself completely refreshed when I got the treatment done. Since it's a hotel spa, it's more expensive than massage parlors in town, but considering the fact that I received the treatment at a campaign price, the high level of technique, and the cleanliness, I was very satisfied with the experience.
Christeyn L wrote a review Nov 2023
Best Hotel in Da Nang!💖👍👏💪
The hotel staffs are very friendly, cheerful and helpful. We are very pleased to served by them. Special shout out to Loc, Quyen and Hong :) We highly recommend and we will be back again. Cheers! Best regards to all the A La Carte staffs with good health and happiness always!
Tourist12916422027 wrote a review Nov 2023
Great Hotel Experience
I stayed here for 2 nights in a clean and spacious room. The hotel is right across from the beach and close to the city center, making it very convenient for transportation. The staff is fantastic, always friendly and ready to assist when needed. Special thanks to Kim at the front desk who introduced me to many places to visit and market. She is cheerful and very enthusiastic. Thanks to the hotel for providing excellent services. Looking forward to staying here again on my next trip 😃😃😃😃
지원 유 wrote a review Nov 2023
+1
My family happy trip❤️
Very comfortable and nice view! Steps are very kind and excellent persons❤️ I wish i will come back later~😊😊 And i wish i will see you again! Huan and Huyen! Thank you very much for your kindness👍👍 Good luck!!!❤️🙏
ま あ wrote a review Nov 2023
Great trip
It’s amazing hotel. Thank you for Han. Breakfast was very delicious every days. The room was clean and comfortable. We want to come here next vacation. Every staff were very kind.We enjoyed this trip.
Passport50842635163 wrote a review Nov 2023
とても良かった！
The lobby was also spacious and clean. The room was spacious, clean and I was able to spend 3 days comfortably. There is a free pool on the 24th floor, and the view is too great. The front desk called KIM helped me a lot. Thank you! When I come to Da Nang, I want to stay again.
Dear Sir/ Madam Thank you for the very kind review! It's wonderful to hear that you got great service at our hotel. We look forward to hosting you again soon for another fantastic experience! Have a beautiful day!
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Cruiser30860351957
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Sharma M
Ann D
Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam
Pooja K
T T
Christeyn L
Tourist12916422027
지원 유
ま あ
Passport50842635163
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
