Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayFood & Drink in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Food & Drink Tours
Food & Drink Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Food Tours
Cooking Classes
Beer Tastings & Tours
Coffee & Tea Tours
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
German
Italian
French
Popular Attractions
Sung Sot Cave
Hang Luon Cave
Ti Top Island
Show all
Special offers
Special Offers
87 places sorted by featured
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2. PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
415
Lunch Cruises
9–11 hours
Halong Bay 1-day tour is for travelers who have little time and want to experience the most beautiful part of the Bay.  …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$82
SPECIAL OFFER
3. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
652
Full-day Tours
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$52$47
4. Best seller Halong Bay Day cruise: Sung Sot cave, Titop, kayaking
1,033
6+ hours
Highlight: Cruising for a full day around Halong Bay with a professional guide and crew - Choosing a longer Journey on …
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$58
5. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
6. Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
Historical Tours
6 hours
Halong Bay day trip from Halong city, led by a knowledgeable guide Take a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong Bay Kayak…
$39
7. Halong Amazing Sail Luxury 1 Day Small Group Tour 7-Hour Cruising
21
Being successful in organizing the cruise tour at one of the seven wonders- Halong Bay, Amazing Sails has received a lot…
$119
8. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
241
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$109
9. BEST SELLER - Halong 5 Star Day Cruise: Buffet Lunch, Wine& Fruit
Spring Break
Embark on a cruise from Hanoi to explore the natural wonders of Halong Bay while indulging in a delectable buffet lunch. …
$55
10. The Best 2D1N HALONG BAY- All Inclusive,Overnight on Boat By Expressway Transfer
185
Breakfast
+ Discover stunning views from highest viewpoint of Titop Island, Surprising Cave, Pearl Farm + Swimming in Titop Beach + …
$125
11. Lan Ha Bay Day Tour From Hanoi With Cruise & Kayaking
3
Embark on a day trip from Hanoi to Lan Ha Bay Cat Ba and indulge in unique experiences such as swimming at Ba Trai Dao Beach…
$60
12. Halong Bay Full Day Tour - 6 Hours on Deluxe Cruise: Kayaking, Swimming, Hiking
68
Stand Up Paddleboarding
✔️ Experience Cruising 6hours on a Deluxe Boat - Small Group- Max 38Pax ✔️ Experience Most Interesting activities: Kayaking…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
13. 1 Day Boat Tour: HaLong Bay, Lan Ha Bay, Natural Beach and Full Moon Party
209
Enjoy some of the best sights and activities in the Halong Bay area on this easy day tour from Cat Ba. By touring by boat…
14. Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
28
6–12 hours
Our Halong day cruise covers all important activities include kayking, visit most famous places and lunch, ideal option …
15. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Lan Ha Bay Cruise Trip
32
$79
16. Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
9
For everyone who wants to experience the landscapes of the heritage region of Cat Ba archipelago and Ha Long Bay. We organize…
$26
17. Luxury 1 Day Halong Bay 8 hours 5*Cruise Limousine Kayak Relax
6
Offering a fun-filled day trip of up to 8 hours with many activities, La Casta Daily Cruise is a new and ideal choice for…
$129
18. Ha Long Bay Six Hours Trip Kayaking & Swimming on Beach
119
Adventure Tours
5–6 hours
• The premier cruise in Halong Bay • Exploring the biggest cave in Halong Bay area • Free outdoor activity with Kayaking…
$40
19. Deluxe Halong Bay Full Day Cruise Small Group,Kayaking,Hiking,Lunch, ALL INCLUDE
87
Even if your schedule’s too tight for an overnight cruise on Halong Bay, get a taster of this UNESCO World Heritage Site…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$62
20. One Day Lan Ha Bay with Cat Ba Expedition Tour
16
8–10 hours
The trip is aimed at experiencing exploration, learning about the culture and traditions of local people, where there are…
$35
7 remarkable days in Saudi
Three trailblazing destinations, one unforgettable week…
Read now
21. Ha Long Full Day Deluxe Trip - Long Route (6-Hour Trip)
25
Normally, if tourists want to visit Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island, tourists have no choice, but need to book Ha Long 2- day…
Recommended by 96% of travelers
$47
22. Halong Bay Full Day With 5 Star Cruise - Buffet Lunch
82
- Travel with local English Speaking Guide - Modern & luxurious cruise design - Long and unique cuisine experience – …
$49
23. Deluxe Full Day Ha Long bay with kayaking
43
- Pick up and Drop off at your hotel inside Ha Noi old quater - Only 3 hours by A/C bus and go by new high way - English…
$45
24. 2-day Ha Long Bay Cruise included Transfer, Kayking and Swimming
22
Observe stalactites in miraculous form inside Sung Sot Cave (Amazing Cave), one of the largest caverns in Halong Bay. Kayak…
$180
25. Halong Bay Day Trip 6 Hours Cruising - Limousine Transfer - Deluxe & Small Group
18
✔️ Cruising 6hours on Deluxe Cruise - Small Group - Max 38Pax ✔️ Transfer by Limousine Bus - Max 17Pax Via New Express Highway…
26. Ha Long Bay Day Cruise -Surprising Cave -Titop Island -Kayaking -Limousine Bus
15
$59
27. Halong Bay Cruise With Cave, Kayaking, Swimming - Buffet Lunch
– You are served welcome drink, our guide instructs you with safety regulation and itinerary to start – Enjoying lunch …
28. All Inclusive Day Cruise Tour at Halong Bay
8
day cruising around Halong Bay. Visit Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island, Sung Sot Cave, and Luon Cave. Do Kayaking or Bambo…
$54
29. Halong Bay Full-Day Cruise with Kayaking from Hanoi
7
Escape the city and see one of the most-visited natural wonders in Asia on a full-day cruise of Halong Bay from Hanoi. Designed…
$57
30. Full-day Activity in Ninh Binh Ha Long Bay of Vietnam
4
Discover the beauty of Ha Long Bay. Departure from Ninh Binh. You will get pick up by hightly quality van and transfer to…
Taking safety measures
$80
1
2
Showing results 1-30 of 87
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
anandu a
Los Angeles, CA26 contributions
Halong Bay Great Tour
We booked a private tour with a group of friends on our cruise stop in halong bay. Didn’t know what to expect but we are so happy we booked this tour. Robert was amazing from start to finish, very communicative and responsive. He was extremely patient because the number of participants kept changing and he worked with us to put together a program that would maximize the time we had in port.

He met us at the pier and got us a magnificent boat, boat was new and spotless. We sailed through the beauty of the bay and also had a stop at the caves. The Thien Cung cave was truly magical and so beautiful. We also had the chance to kayak if we wanted to and also had the bamboo boat experience.
This is a really really nice tour but was made that much more special by Robert’s professionalism and attentiveness. Thank you so much for making a stay here very memorable and special, we really had a great time !
Read more
Review of: PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
Written March 3, 2024
Shruti
Best experience
It was an amazing trip! Sunny was a great host, very funny and engaging! Highly recommend this trip for Halong Bay! We booked via Get Your Guide
Review of: Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
Phil I
1 contribution
Great Tour
Very nice tour indeed. Anh Hong (Pink) did a very good job in showing us all sights and answering all of our questions. Thanks
Review of: Best seller Halong Bay Luxury 8 hours cruise, All included
Written March 2, 2024
Lovi N
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Written March 8, 2024
Jmcc444
5 contributions
Great Ha Long Bay 1/2 day
Great trip. We were able to organize through the wharf office at the cruise terminal, as most online tours start at Hanoi and don't start until 12 noon, cutting it too close if the ship sails at 7 pm. The wharf office starts as soon as they have a full boat, usually within an hour (they'll tell you 15 min though). Negotiate your trip. We paid what they asked, because it was similar to what we saw on viator online, but others paid 40 to 50% less (perhaps based on size of their group). Great views, lots of time at Sung Sot
Review of: Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
Written January 31, 2024
Raman B
Wonderful experience
Wonderful experience on the Sea Octopus! The staff were very attentive, the activities were great and food abundant!!.
Review of: Halong Amazing Sail Luxury 1 Day Small Group Tour 7-Hour Cruising
Written March 9, 2024
Vickie Grainger
Your
The tour was excellent! Seamless ! Ms Mun was so helpful ! She was amazing and did everything to help and make it enjoyable! And tuan was excellent too ! I would definitely recommend them !
Review of: The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
Lena
Boston, MA4 contributions
The Perfect Intimate Experience of Halong Bay
My mom and I had such an amazing time on this excursion! Our tour guide, Tuan, was very knowledgeable and a great story-teller. We were especially impressed with the boat crew who performed their tasks seamlessly that we didn’t even realize there were seven members until the end! They were also so accommodating of my mom’s dietary restrictions. All the food was prepared fresh, extremely delicious and served family style. We did so much in 2 days including visiting Sut Sot Cave, Ti Top Island and a Pearl Farm where we got to kayak. Last but not least, the VIEWS were breathtaking. Halong Bay is a must when visiting Vietnam and you really need to stay overnight to get the full experience. If you’re looking for an intimate experience, I would highly recommend this tour.
Review of: The Best 2D1N HALONG BAY- All Inclusive,Overnight on Boat By Expressway Transfer
Written February 1, 2024
Nikkidougal
21 contributions
Amazing day
Tour was great. Views were amazing. Transport was very well organised. Lots of lovely food and drinks! Trang was such a lovely tour guide and made the day so great for us! Would 100% recommend to anyone.
Review of: Lan Ha Bay Day Tour From Hanoi With Cruise & Kayaking
Written January 2, 2024
ognjen z
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Mickey mouse is anything but average! he is fun , cheerful and knowledgeable . we went to halong bay by boat .it was fun and a beautiful experience !
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day Tour - 6 Hours on Deluxe Cruise: Kayaking, Swimming, Hiking
Cruiser15491939708
Singapore, Singapore2 contributions
Boat party!
What a brilliant day out with my mates, felt well looked after by staff and crew. Wicked scenery and people to party with. Thanks a million!
Review of: 1 Day Boat Tour: HaLong Bay, Lan Ha Bay, Natural Beach and Full Moon Party
Written October 20, 2023
jjlimbw
Singapore, Singapore5 contributions
Highly recommended Tour Guide Mr Ben
I brought my dad (with knee cap problem) and a hearing impaired brother to Halong Bay. My tour guide Mr Ben was very caring, noted on my dad n bro special needs. He is professional and humourous. Mr Ben is friendly and helpful. He steered the tour with great knowledge and made the trip comfortable and memorable. We enjoyed ourselves during our full day Halong Bay day trip.
Review of: Excellent Halong Bay Day Cruise All Inclusive From Hanoi
Written February 16, 2024
Lawrence S
Incredible for Americans
Tommy is the man. Absolutely incredible day for us Americans. Couldn’t ask for a better guide. Food was great, people were even better. We will be back!!
Review of: The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Lan Ha Bay Cruise Trip
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for food & drink in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for food & drink in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best food & drink in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best food & drink in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best food & drink in Halong Bay for groups?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Food & Drink in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
$52
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Los Angeles, CA
26 contributions
Boston, MA
4 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
Singapore, Singapore
