Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
THE BEST Hotels with Bridal Suite in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
4 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Bridal Suite
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
1. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
655 reviews
#1 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
2. CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#2 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
3. Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#3 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
4. Linh Phuong 3
4 reviews
#4 Best Value of 4 Can Tho Hotels with Bridal Suite
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Bridal Suite
Bicol Region
The Nilgiris District
Mussoorie
Established in the Himalaya foothills by a British Army officer in 1820, the "Queen of the Hills" stands above the rest with its deep woods, favorable climate and Doon Valley views. Its name is derived from the berry-covered Mansur shrub found in abundance around this trekker-friendly area. Vestiges of its colonial past are still reflected in the cuisine and architecture. For stunning natural sights, head to Gun Hill or Childer's Lodge, the two highest peaks, or the famous Kempty waterfall.
Read more
Seongnam
Mashobra
Karachi
Omsk
Nizhnevartovsk
Republic of Bashkortostan
Haifa
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Bridal Suite
Missing:Hotels & Motels
CT Morning Hostel
1 review
In Can Tho
#42 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Thanh Binh Hotel
#57 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Kim Lan Homestay
37 reviews
#7 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was our first homestay in Vietnam. A luxury one at that. The accommodation was simple and lovely with comfortable bed and hot shower. The property was very tranquil. All the activities were wonderful and..."
"Everbody should experience the Mekong in this way. The main floating village of Cai Rang doesn't even give you the experience of Mekong. This Homestay was just a bit of wonderful. It was in the heart of Mekong. The..."
Ruby CT Hotel
21 reviews
#15 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I was underwhelmed when I arrived at Ruby Hotel. It looked a bit blah and they wanted to keep my passport. However, I very quickly revised my opinion. My room was really good - clean, well looked after, comfortable..."
"Great friendly staff with very good English language skills. Really good location, right in the center of town still a quiet place. Very comfortable bed and clean room. The room was simple but had everything we..."
Cuu Long B Hotel Vinh Long
5 reviews
19.8 miles from Can Tho
#8 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"we just stayed a night in a river view room with Balcony, clean, AC, fridge, cable TV, just across the pier for the ferry to the island, it is also possible to rent pushbikes from the tourist office just across the..."
"I stayed for a month a few years ago while working in the area. Room Service is great, good sized rooms. good price, good management, free breakfast buffet ( across the street ) fast internet and really nice staff."
Khuong Loan Guesthouse
47.4 miles from Can Tho
#86 of 152 Specialty lodging in Duong Dong
Highland Bungalow
18 reviews
47.7 miles from Can Tho
#25 of 152 Specialty lodging in Duong Dong
"A very good value for money bungalows in the heart of Long beach. Clean, big rooms, basic bathroom, big bed, good mattress. Close to the access of the beach. Good services. In the period i have been, there was a..."
"I decided to make a trip out to Phu Quoc last minute and saw on my booking app that Highland Bungalow was in a convenient location (Duong Dong, the island's biggest town) and for a reasonable price. The rooms are..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Bridal Suite
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
OYO 971 Lam Hoang Hotel
0 reviews
Fairy Land Homestay
Huu Phat Guesthouse
47.6 miles from Can Tho
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
551 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#5 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
"Great little hotel with lovely suites, although I am unsure what the internal balcony was about. However the staff are really attentive and polite, and as we had skipped breakfast they gave us a box of food to take..."
Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#7 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#9 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
West Hotel
522 reviews
#10 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#14 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
"OK room, swimmingpool and staff. Very hard bed. The staff did not speak english very well and were not that profesional. The breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from. Nice hotel to stay in for one night."
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#16 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
Hotels Prices From
$18
Hotels Reviews
706
Hotels Photos
666
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with bridal suite
What are the best hotels with bridal suite near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with bridal suite are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have free parking?
Which hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho that have a family room?
Do any hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have laundry service?
Which hotels with bridal suite in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
4 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
