Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 BEST Resorts near Cat Ba Island
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Resorts near Cat Ba Island
View map
Resorts near Cat Ba Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cat Ba Island
Popular
5 stars
2
Pool
3
Luxury
Property types
Resorts
+345
B&Bs & Inns
+137
Specialty lodgings
+67
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
5
Breakfast included
Free parking
4
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 stars
1
Style
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Business
Show more
Brands
Vinpearl
13 of 1,905 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cat Ba Island

2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
15.2 miles from Cat Ba Island
#1 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…”
Top Rated
2. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
5.6 miles from Cat Ba Island
#2 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
3. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
16.4 miles from Cat Ba Island
#3 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
Highest-rated hotel within 2 miles of Cat Ba Island
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Closest
4. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Cat Ba Island
#4 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
5. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
15.5 miles from Cat Ba Island
#5 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
6. Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
35A, Van Cao | Ngo Quyen, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
24.1 miles from Cat Ba Island
#6 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...”
7. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
16.1 miles from Cat Ba Island
#7 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
8. Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
29.1 miles from Cat Ba Island
#8 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...”
9. Sono Belle Hai Phong
Luu Kiem | Thuy Nguyen, Hai Phong, Vietnam
30.5 miles from Cat Ba Island
#9 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...”
10. Cat Ba Park Homestay
0 reviews
Thon H_i Son | Đường Xuyên, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Cat Ba Island
#10 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
11. Hon Dấu Resort
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward, Do Son, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
12. Hoa Loi Resort
Xuan Canh | Song Cau, Tuy Hoa, Vietnam
28.4 miles from Cat Ba Island
#12 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
13. Coto Jade Island
Khu 4, Dao Co To, Vietnam
49.8 miles from Cat Ba Island
#13 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Cat Ba
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor’s suggestions below:
Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from Cat Ba Island
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“I will definitely return and I could not recommend this hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.”
Cat Ba Hostel
Hostel
187 reviews
160 Nui Ngoc Street | Cát Bà Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#7 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Got a good price in the hostel when just walking in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…”
Cannon Fort Cat Ba Hotel
Specialty Hotel
134 reviews
243 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#1 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...”
CatBa Lucky Family Hotel
Lodge
40 reviews
No. 25 Lot 2 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#16 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…”
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
245 - Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba national park, we will come back again if we have free time.”
Cocoon Inn Cat Ba
Bed and Breakfast
9 reviews
Nui Ngoc Street | 48 Lot 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#26 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“This hostel was great! It had everything you needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...”
Golden Land Hotel
6 reviews
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…”
Cat Ba Green Hotel
26 reviews
225-227 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#33 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Great location, helpful staff and good rooms. Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...”
Immanuel Hotel
192 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#30 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...”
New Horizon Hotel
3 reviews
158 Nui Ng_c, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#38 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...”
Duc Vinh Hotel
06 Alley 04 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#82 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Thought it would be valuable to write a review as this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…”
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
180 Nui Ngoc Street | Cat Ba Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…”
Green Cat Ba Hostel
32 reviews
279 Nui Ngoc | Cat Hai District, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0031, Vietnam
#49 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Staff didn't speak English so was a little difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…”
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
246, Street 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#39 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…”
Catba Sunrise Hotel
09 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#58 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…”
Cat Ba Golden Palace Hotel
186 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#89 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Ngoc Lan Ahn
200 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#62 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…”
Resorts Near Cat Ba Island information
Resorts Near Cat Ba Island, Cat Ba
There are 3 Resorts close to Cat Ba Island in Cat Ba
Resorts Near Cat Ba Island Reviews
There are 178 reviews on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Resorts Near Cat Ba Island Photos
There are 183 photos on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Nearest accommodation
2.16 mi
13 of 1,905
Clear all filters
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to
service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Ha Long 200000,
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Highest-rated hotel
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
35A, Van Cao
Ngo Quyen
Hai Phong 35000,
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome
fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
Halong Bay,
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District
Hai Phong,
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious
area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Luu Kiem
Thuy Nguyen
I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
I stayed here for about almost a month and
literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
Thon H_i Son
Đường Xuyên
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward
Do Son, Hai Phong,
Xuan Canh
Song Cau
Tuy Hoa,
Khu 4
Dao Co To,
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
I will definitely return and I could not recommend this hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.
I will definitely return and I could not recommend this
hotel higher to anyone visiting Cat Ba Island.
160 Nui Ngoc Street
Cát Bà Town Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Got a good price in the hostel when just walking in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…
Got a good price in the hostel when just walking
in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with…
243 Nui Ng_c
My husband and I stayed here for two nights in March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...
My husband and I stayed here for two nights in
March. It provides exactly what we needed for the time we were there. The hotel is tucked away down a side street and is within a quick three minute walk to the Main...
No. 25 Lot 2 Nui Ngoc
Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…
Stayed here in December 2019 on my travels around
South east Asia. This hotel is in the perfect location as it is a 5 mins walk from the main centre but slept amazingly because it was quiet at night. The best…
245 - Nui Ng_c
very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba national park, we will come back again if we have free time.
very friendly and helpful us.Location very convenience
for visiting Cat Ba island and Cat Ba
Cat Ba island
national park, we will come back again if we have free time.
Nui Ngoc Street
48 Lot 2
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
This hostel was great! It had everything you needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...
This hostel was great! It had everything you
needed and the staff were the most friendly I've encountered in North Vietnam. They offered us their free breakfast before we even checked in and then let us check in 5...
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452,
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately
there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
225-227 Nui Ngoc
Great location, helpful staff and good rooms. Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...
Great location, helpful staff and good rooms.
Rooms clean and roomy. The breakfast was good. Pancakes, fruit, bread, eggs, yoghurt and tea and coffee. Buffet as well. Close to all main shops cafes etc. Help...
192 Nui Ngoc
Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...
Was very happy to find a clean hotel but was even
better when we received a service. After being in Vietnam a few days we did not expect a clean place with a good service. The manager was very helpfull, although...
158 Nui Ng_c
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...
We loved our stay at new horizon! The staff were
so friendly and helpful and always welcomed us with a smile. The rooms were modern, clean and spacious. The shower was powerful and had a glass divider between the...
06 Alley 04 Nui Ngoc
Thought it would be valuable to write a review as this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…
Thought it would be valuable to write a review as
this hotel doesn’t seem to have any yet. We had an OK but somewhat odd experience here. None of our details were taken when we checked in and we saw no one the…
180 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313,
Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
Hard to beat the location and general clean and
tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
279 Nui Ngoc
Cat Hai District
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0031,
Staff didn't speak English so was a little difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…
Staff didn't speak English so was a little
difficult. Room was average, had been cleaned but wasn't super clean, bathroom door was broken so didn't shut and shower head very poor as partly broken also. Probably…
246, Street 1/4
What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…
What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap,
but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at…
09 Nui Ngoc Street
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily)
the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
186 Nui Ngoc
200 Duong Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000,
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but
never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
