Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Resort
Budget
Mid-range
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Searching hundreds of travel sites to find you the best price
Sort by:
Best Value
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2 reviews
484.2 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of..."
Hotel Citadine Ha Long
3 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We stayed in Citadines Halong for 4 nights it very very busy and noisy Friday to Saturday as there are many many children here but quiet on Monday to Thursday it’s a lovely hotel and definitely worth coming as a..."
"Hotel staff were very accommodating and helpful. The restaurant was also excellent with really nice and really delicious food, the staff throughout were excellent and super helpful! Would definitely recommend!"
Pearl Hotel
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I traveled with my family, and the hotel is great! We booked a Studio Suite Bay View and a Deluxe Village View Room so the view from the hotel is really nice. It is quite new, and the room is nice. The food at the..."
The Marine Hotel
1 review
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
In Halong Bay
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Green Bay Hotel
#56 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Just a bad experience, not satisfyed at all with green Bay hotel. The reception didnt speak english very well, and were not helpfull at all, wich led to trouble with the booling. Halong is beautiful and very nice..."
SeaStar Hotel
#34 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by..."
"What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make sure..."
Khach San Phuong Trang Ha Long
#20 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Avoid this hotel at all cost! If you would like a relax a holiday, this hotel is not the one to stay. The room was not clean. Seems they didn't change the bed sheet from the previous guests nor clean the floor..."
Anh Duong Hotel
3.7 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection..."
Essence Hotel Ha Long
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great hotel with very friendly staff. We stayed for 3 nights with family of 5 in 2 rooms. Rooms were very clean and comfortable. Hotel is also walking distance from the beach. Staff helped us with booking trips and..."
"Lovely hotel. New, clean and excellent value for money. It’s close to the beach, the port (to access the bay cruises) and there are restaurants and places nearby. Staff are friendly and the room was very nice..."
Dien Luc Bai Chay Hotel
#64 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The only good thing about this hotel is its location close to the amusement park, restaurants and seafront. Everything else is terrible. The staff are unfriendly hostile and most cannot speak English. The breakfast..."
"Probably hotel with the great potential in Ha long Bay. Nice view, relatively clean and new hotel just 20-30 meters from the water. However, the hotel staff are TERRIBLE !!! They do not speak English, they do not..."
Deja Vu house
16 reviews
#7 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"If you are looking to experience Vietnamese culture the right way, this is the place to book. I literally cannot say enough good things about my stay here, I felt so welcomed from the moment I arrived. The owner..."
"My new favorite homestay in Halong City, affordable prices for both accommodation and food. Pretty cute rooftop terrace for coffee and journaling and the best pizza in town. Special thanks to Tuan Anh who helped to..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Prosperity Hotel
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
#32 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago..."
Domo Tuan Chau Hotel
#5 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
5 reviews
#46 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The hotel is very old-looking, the beds are rock-hard. The rooms are quite clean and spacious though. When you take a walk outside, there are good restaurants and attractions, so the place is quite strategic..."
"For my trip the Vietnam this time, I was disappointed to stay in Golden Lotus Halong Hotel. Beside the room was too narrow, the chairs were so inconvenient to sit (it hits your elbow), too simple facility of the..."
Hoang Anh Hotel
#67 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"I booked 4 nights in this hovel, after travelling all day, I arrived tired and hungry, they pretended they didn't know anything about the booking and a disheveled excuse for a man told me to go away I didn't book..."
"Upon our arrival, a lady at the desk knew nothing about our reservation, even a confirmation from Expedia did not seem to convince her, she even told us that we missed our reservation date. Then things got worse..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
BMC Thang Long
50 reviews
#63 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked one night here before jumping on a cruise to Ha Long Bay. First impressions were good, large lobby and reception area. Friendly staff on reception. Hotel is well located for cruises to Ha Long Bay, 5..."
"We went here for a one night stay the day before our boat tour. The internet speed is poor and sometimes non existent. The bed sheets are not replaced. Evidently as one of the them had hairs on it. The rooms are..."
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
Halong Party Hostel & Hotel
118 reviews
#14 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Headed to Halong Bay from Hanoi and booked this hotel because it looked decent enough for the £7 a night for a double room. Once we arrived, staff was very friendly, check in super quick and we got to enjoy the Sun..."
"Staff is wonderful. Rooms are pretty clean. Not a crazy party hostel like your expecting with the name but still very chill and fun. Honestly not alot of party hostels in the area anyway. Room was 90.000d and free..."
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Halong Happy Hostel
119 reviews
#3 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We only wanted one night, but stayed there two, because it is a lovely place. Friendly staff who are willing to help you arranging every trip (especially ha long bay) nice people, a wonderful atmosphere, nice rooms "
"My friend and I was backpacking and went to the hostel. The staff spoke some english, and were happy to help with our travels. A free beer at night, makes a great starter for talking to others at the hostel and even..."
Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#92 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
Top Rated
2023
The Light Hotel
275 reviews
#1 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The Light Hostel is a wonderful oasis of tranquility and relaxation, where guests can unwind and recharge in a stylish and modern setting. The friendly staff and cozy atmosphere make every visitor feel right at..."
Halong Backpacker Hostel
59 reviews
#15 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Lovely, helpful staff who arranged a brilliant tour to halong bay for us and made sure we were always looked after, huge airy rooms and a balcony looking over halong city! Definatly don't stay anywhere else!!"
"When we checked in, the staff put our passports on the counter that were just next to the road and then said we could go to the room so we had to ask him to at least hide our passports in the drawer. We did not get..."
Song Loc Luxury Hotel
19 reviews
#12 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This is a great hotel, albeit it’s out the way. The walk to the main bay is actually a really nice walk, there are a few coffee houses on the way if that’s your thing. We were here in December and they had the..."
"Stay there for 2 nights and it was my second stay of my trip: + Pros: Spacious room, New hotel, A la Carte menu was quite quality. + Cons: No soundproof rooms (I hear clearly neighbor discussions), staff was not..."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Da Nang
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal. Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor. After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Read more
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
South Goa District
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
3
4
5
6
7
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
