Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Walk-in Shower in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Walk-in Shower
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Walk-in Shower
Duc Tuan Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
294 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Best feature is its position - right on the bay and the view is amazing. Plus the price - $43USD for a family room that had 4 large double beds. It is also very clean. The bathroom is very dated but remeber you are..."
Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#7 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We loved our stay at Mountain Pearl. The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay. He was even lovely about me forgetting..."
"Basic, budget friendly hotel in a great location near lots of restaurants, bars and the waterfront. Staff were exceptional in helping us get to Cat Ba, with tour recommendations and anything else we needed for our..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
Quiri Hotel & Restaurant
29 reviews
25.1 miles from Hai Phong
#6 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Only went to the restaurant but service was great, cocktails and food were lit and nice spot. Pho cocktail and wasabi Martini were top notch. Spotted it from across the water and figured we'd just give it a crack..."
"Such a yummy hotpot here!! Nice casual vibes and the staff are lovely and fun. Great Christmas energy ⚡️⚡️ Wide variety of food, drinks and cocktails on the menu as well, would definitely come back in the future."
Thao Minh New Star Hotel
154 reviews
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#13 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We were here for 2 nights and had a really big room (place for 4 people). The room was really clean and the view on the see really nice! Staff was very friendly. 4 * because of the bathroom on the 2nd day. It smells..."
Nam Phuong Hotel
80 reviews
#17 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and..."
"Fantastic room on the 4th floor! Good AC and nice hot shower! The beds are comfy but like the other reviews have said the pillows are a bit hard, we jus used a jumper as well as it was fine! The owner is so lovely..."
Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
#16 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally ok..."
Lac Long Hotel Hai Phong
117 reviews
In Hai Phong
#26 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel was very well located for the sights in Hai Phong and for catching the ferry to Cat Ba Island. The staff were very helpful especially in assisting with ferry tickets and taxis. The room was spacious and..."
"The hotel looks new and nicely built. We booked a regular room for 3, prepaid, but for some reason they told us that room is not available. They offered us a family suite, not a free upgrade, but a discounted..."
Green Homestay
19 reviews
21.5 miles from Hai Phong
#18 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Lovely place - meets the expectations we had from the pictures we saw online. The garden areas were really beautiful and obviously a labor of love. A nice feature of the rooms are the smart tvs in each to watch..."
"What a fantastic stay! The rooms were very clean with modern appliances (including in the bathroom). The A/C worked very well and the pool was clean and very nice to hang out in. The real highlight is the owner and..."
Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
#19 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower "
Catba Tropicana Homestay
17 reviews
#20 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tien, our guest, made everything posible to help us in our stay! The place was in a great location and rooms were clean! It was raining and Tien helped us figure out our best option for the time we stayed..."
"We felt very comfortable in this homestay. It is simple, but very comfortable and clean with good beds. A beautiful beach is close. The host, Tien is a very kind and helpful person and we felt relaxed. He gave us..."
Cat Ba Quang Thang hotel
9 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#21 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Tony was an absolutely fantastic host and went above and beyond for me. From recommending all the things to do in Cat Ba from best coffee to best food from best beach to best place for nightlife. He also rented me a..."
"My wife and I had our 17 year old daughter travelling with us. We had a very large triple room on 5 th floor (there was an elevator). The room was clean and spacious and the air on and fan kept the temperature..."
Venus Hostel
15 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of..."
"We stayed for 2 nights at Venus. Jack was very helpful and friendly like other reviewers have said. He helped us book a 1 day tour of ha long bay + lan ha bay which I would recommend (the company he uses was the..."
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#26 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Dung Lai Hotel 173
#15 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view..."
"We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good..."
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Skyrest Cat Ong
#2 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"My holiday was almost perfectly by their operating the bungalow with overseas view where we could have the lovely night together, chilled out on yard with BBQ's friends party and sang karaoke. Our guide whom I've..."
"I would rate 5 stars not because their services worth 5 stars in terms of common ground but because of what we've paid and had lots of fun here with new friends Salsa and Golva. Especially thank to Dan, our..."
Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and toilet..."
"Sadhu garden inn is a bit further from Cat Ba town which can be inconvenient if you don't like to walk 30 minutes for food but the location is right in the nature with mountains around you so very relaxing. They..."
Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Top Rated
Alibaba's Hotel
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre..."
"I spent two night at the Alibaba’s hotel and it was all perfect. The room was really big, clean and with an amazing view on the port and the bay. The location it’s really convenient because is one minute walking..."
Anh Khoi Hotel
4 reviews
#3 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying in..."
"Stayed 2 nights at family run Anh Khoi hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice window overlooking Cat Ba bay. We also booked a guided kayaking tour to see the bay. Thanks Vuong for a great and warm..."
Tran Chau Garden home
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a..."
"This is probably the very best place to stay on Cat Ba, situated just a couple of miles outside the town. A dozen cabins furnished in zen-like simplicity surrounding a lovely garden landscape. Peaceful and quiet..."
Lee Apartment & Hotel
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Golden Land Hotel
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and good..."
"Exactly what my partner and I were after, clean and tidy, accurate to what was advertised and the owners were lovely people. The view of the adjacent lush mountain was such a nice surprise, waking up to the sounds..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
#39 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom..."
"The staff is very nice, the room is clean with good WiFi, hot water and AC. Breakfast could be better (but it's already better than other hotels around). Need to double check the location, because the address is..."
Hotels with Walk-in Shower nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Chanthaburi Province
Jeju
Jeju is a hot tourist spot, booming with unique attractions. Romantic sunrises and sunsets, mild climate and beautiful sandy beaches make Jeju a popular honeymoon destination. Adventurers can hike to Baeknok Lake at the top of Mount Halla, South Korea’s highest peak. Keep an eye out for the “haenyeo,” female divers gathering fresh seafood, and the iconic “grandfather statues” displayed outside of many restaurants.
Tegalalang
South Male Atoll
Alice Springs
Stunning landscapes and a unique pioneering history create a diverse and exhilarating destination to explore. A thriving, spirited outback center, Alice Springs is as famous for the personality of its locals and traditional art as it is for the natural wonders, including the stunning Larapinta Trail and the MacDonnell Ranges surrounding it.
Republic of North Ossetia-Alania
Lazarevskoye District
Sunshine Coast
Onega Lake
Zanzibar Archipelago
A group of islands and islets some 25 miles off the Tanzanian coast, the Zanzibar Archipelago is headlined by Unguja (often referred to simply as Zanzibar) and Pemba. Once a separate nation, Zanzibar has a long history of trade with the Arab world, dating back to at least the 11th century. The capital, Stone Town, is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and has many interesting historic attractions. Zanzibar's bright white beaches and nearby coral reefs make it very popular with the sun and sea set.
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with walk-in shower
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Hai Phong have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
