Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Lan Ha Bay, Cat Ba
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
View map
Hotels near Lan Ha Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Hai Phong, Cat Ba Vietnam
Read Reviews of Lan Ha Bay
Popular
70
5 stars
12
Pool
54
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+136
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
130
Breakfast included
88
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
36
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
773 of 1,885 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Lan Ha Bay

Closest
1. Monkey Island Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
848 reviews
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
2.5 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#1 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…”
Highest-rated hotel within 4 miles of Lan Ha Bay
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Top Rated
2023
2. Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
811 reviews
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#2 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“For us, after a whole day out exploring Lan Ha Bay, we appreciated the warm indoor pool with jacuzzi to relax a little before dinner, followed by exploring a gigantic arcade with many updated games and soft playgr...”
3. Catba View Hotel
78 reviews
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#3 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We organised a private boat trip in Lan Ha Bay through Mr Kien Tran who I assume is the owner of hotel.”
4. Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
173 Cai Beo, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#4 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...”
5. Mountain Pearl Hotel
23 reviews
245 - Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay.”
6. Alibaba's Hotel
6 reviews
229 Cai Beo, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#6 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...”
7. Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to Sapa..etc”
8. Tran Chau Garden home
4 reviews
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
3.3 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#8 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...”
9. Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
189 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…”
10. Catba Palace Hotel
249 reviews
180 Nui Ngoc Street | Cat Ba Town Beach, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…”
11. Golden Land Hotel
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…”
12. Cat Ba Hongkong Hotel
7 reviews
84A Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Lan Ha Bay
#12 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...”
13. Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...”
14. Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
Cat Co 1 | Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...”
15. Cat Ba Violet Hotel
24 reviews
283 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...”
16. Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
279, Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...”
17. Venus Hostel
74 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...”
18. Sunshine Cat Ba Hotel
1 review
So Nha 7, Ngo 5, Thi Tran | Cat Ba, Hai Phong, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...”
19. Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
Cat Co 1, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...”
20. Gieng Ngoc Hotel
92 reviews
No. 240-1/4 Street | No. 240-1/4 Street-Cat Ba Town, Cat Hai Dist., Hai Phong City, Viet Nam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...”
21. Hung Long Harbour Hotel Cat Ba Island
215 reviews
268, 1-4 Street | Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower ”
22. Catba Sunrise Hotel
09 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…”
23. Thanh Luan Hotel
190-192 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
24. Ngoc Lan Ahn
9 reviews
200 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…”
25. Flamingo Lan Ha Bay Resort
Cat Co 1,2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...”
26. Emerald Hotel Cat Ba
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong 18000, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...”
27. CatBa Sky View Hotel
No. 16, Group 18, Lot 2, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...”
28. Draco QK3 Cat Ba
251 Duong 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…”
29. Romance Hotel
71 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
30. Holiday View Hotel
179 reviews
Road 1/4, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 1,885 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Lan Ha Bay information
Hotels Near Lan Ha Bay, Cat Ba
There are 432 Hotels close to Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba
Hotels Near Lan Ha Bay Reviews
There are 10,766 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Lan Ha Bay Photos
There are 12,798 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
2.55 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Lan Ha Bay
Do any hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have a pool?
Popular hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba that have a pool include:
Catba Sunrise Resort - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Catba Island Resort & Spa - Traveler rating: 3.0/5
What are the best hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba?
Some of the best hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba are:
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Catba View Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba:
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba:
Monkey Island Resort - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Duc Tuan Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba are romantic?
These hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba:
Cat Ba Eco Lodge - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba are good for families?
Families traveling in Cat Ba enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Lan Ha Bay:
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba allow pets?
These hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba generally allow pets:
Venus Hostel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Do any hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba offer free breakfast?
Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba:
Which hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have free parking?
These hotels near Lan Ha Bay in Cat Ba have free parking:
Mountain Pearl Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
773 of 1,885 properties
Clear all filters
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
We spent four days five nights at this resort,
and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation…
Highest-rated hotel
Bai T_m Cat Co 1, 2
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
For us, after a whole day out exploring Lan Ha Bay, we appreciated the warm indoor pool with jacuzzi to relax a little before dinner, followed by exploring a gigantic arcade with many updated games and soft playgr...
For us, after a whole day
out exploring Lan Ha Bay, we appreciated the
warm indoor pool with jacuzzi to relax a little before dinner, followed by exploring a gigantic arcade with many updated games and soft playgr...
No 38, Lo 2, Ph_ Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
We organised a private boat trip in Lan Ha Bay through Mr Kien Tran who I assume is the owner of hotel.
We organised a private
boat trip in Lan Ha Bay through Mr Kien Tran
who I assume is the owner of hotel.
173 Cai Beo
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main
town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
245 - Nui Ng_c
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay.
The owner was so sweet and couldn’t have been more helpful - he organised motorbike hire
and an awesome half day boat tour of Lan Ha Bay.
229 Cai Beo
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel
for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
S_ Nha 16, Du_ng Lo 2 Nui Ng_c, T_ Dan Ph_ 18
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 02253,
The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to Sapa..etc
The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us
made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to Sapa..etc
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay.
The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a...
189 Nui Ng_c
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and
this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in…
180 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town Beach
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 0313,
Hard to beat the location and general clean and tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
Hard to beat the location and general clean and
tidy hotel. Read previous years and don’t recognise the one or five blob reviews! Not sure we had the room we paid for (Queen rather than King bed) but generally…
No. 22, Lot 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05452,
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately
there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and…
84A Nui Ng_c
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for 4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
Very clean and beautiful. I stayed in a room for
4 people, which was very convenient and comfortable. The hotel is located in the central area but still very quiet with beautiful views in all directions. The...
11 Alley 5 Nui Ngoc
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap.
The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from...
Cat Co 1
Cat Hai Dist., Cat Ba Town Beach
Halong Bay,
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The
place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and...
283 Nui Ngoc
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
We loved our stay here. Rooms were clean had an
ocean view room which was awesome. The hosts were really nice and helpful with everything . Our favorite thing was that the hot water lasted long so we could get a...
279, Duong Nui Ngoc
We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...
We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need
to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and...
74 Nui Ngoc
Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...
Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where
needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of...
So Nha 7, Ngo 5, Thi Tran
Hai Phong,
We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...
We decided to book a 24 hour trip on the sunlight
cruise in the bays of cat ba. The only thing i can say is that we had an amazing time together with amazing people. The boat was very comfortable with a spacious...
It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
It is a lovely property, great beach access and
the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the...
No. 240-1/4 Street
No. 240-1/4 Street-Cat Ba Town, Cat Hai Dist., Hai Phong City, Viet Nam
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 10000,
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...
Just stayed the one night here. Very well located
in the centre of Cat Ba for transport and tour companies. Clean cheap and comfortable. No hesitation in recommending if you need a stopover. Breakfast not included...
268, 1-4 Street
Cat Ba Town
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
The bed was so hard we had to put blankets down
to sleep. Aircon only just kept us cool. View is nice and the rest of the room was fine. The shower has no screen so all the floor gets wet when you shower
09 Nui Ngoc Street
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
We only booked to stay here one night (luckily)
the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than…
190-192 Nui Ngoc
200 Duong Nui Ngoc
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but
never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English…
Cat Co 1,2
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
Our second stay here. Absolutely gorgeous
location and amenities. The island was colder than we expected so we spent the week enjoying the Onsen, pool and buffet breakfast. The staff are the most helpful and kind...
No. 95, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong 18000,
Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
Where do I start my story about this hotel...
this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2...
No. 16, Group 18, Lot 2
The pictures make it look like the hotel is on the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...
The pictures make it look like the hotel is on
the beach - it is not ! The nearest beach is having work done on it so you can’t go on it and it has so mi j litter on it you wouldn’t want to. The beds in the hotel...
251 Duong 1/4
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 3888951,
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat
Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix…
71 Nui Ngoc
Road 1/4
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a
real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking...
3
4
5
6
…
Catba Sunrise Resort
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Catba Island Resort & Spa
- Traveler rating: 3.0/5
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Catba View Hotel
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
Monkey Island Resort
Duc Tuan Hotel
Cat Ba Eco Lodge
Cat Ba Paradise Hotel - Sky Bar & Massage
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
Venus Hostel
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
Mountain Pearl Hotel
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
