Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE BEST Motels near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Motels near Cat Ba Smile Tours
View map
Motels near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
At 210,1/4 street, Cat Ba town, Cat Hai district, Hai Phong city, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cat Ba Smile Tours
Popular
& up
0
Kids Activities
1
+345
Property types
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Specialty lodgings
+67
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Restaurant
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Discover Darwin
Find out why travelers like you are raving about Darwin
Explore now
4 of 1,910 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cat Ba Smile Tours

Highest-rated hotel within a 4 minute walk of Cat Ba Smile Tours
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Closest
1. Nam Phuong Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
80 reviews
188 1 4 Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
0.2 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#1 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...”
2. Bin Bop Hotel
1 review
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
15.8 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#2 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
3. Viet Dzung Motel
0 reviews
1058 | Bai Chay, Ha Long, Vietnam
16.5 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#3 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
4. Motel Berlin
Duong Le Hong Phong, 5 Tang, Hai Phong, Vietnam
24.5 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#4 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor’s suggestions below:
Top Rated
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
0.0 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...”
Catba Pod Hostel
Hostel
27 reviews
224 Mot Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#15 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“We booked a private room with balcony and sea view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...”
Thai Duong Hotel
Bed and Breakfast
13 reviews
297 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#42 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia, the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…”
Anh Thuan Hotel
41 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#28 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…”
The Ireland Hotel
Limited Service Property
45 reviews
51 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#4 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.”
Victor Charlie Hostel 2
Specialty Hotel
3 reviews
3, Alley 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#63 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...”
Cat Ba Life Hostel
4 reviews
13/2 Du_ng Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#41 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...”
Mona Hostel
No.180, 1/4 Road, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#46 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff. ”
Little Vietnam Hotel & Restaurant - Cat Ba Island
36 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#64 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Cat Ba Boutique Inn
33 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#48 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality”
Pina Hotel Cat Ba
9 reviews
35 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#24 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Swiss Hotel Catba
16 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#72 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
Lan Ha Hotel
Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#63 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
Sea Dragon Cat Ba Hotel
30 reviews
No. 3 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#23 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“And the hot chocolate is also nice. We walked in the sea dragon hotel, because the hotel we actually booked was dirty and wet. The very kind woman at the sea dragon hotel reception helped us instantly and we…”
Minh Quang Hotel
Lodge
6 reviews
24 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#65 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“For 100000d per night, it’s hard to criticize much. The bed was huge. The AC and hot water worked. It was pretty clean overall. There was a partial view of the bay from the small balcony. Big windows for natural...”
Cat Ba Orchid Hotel
Specialty Inn
12 reviews
No 2 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#85 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great. Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...”
Little Vietnam Hotel Restaurant
36 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000, Vietnam
#81 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Pina Boutique Inn - Hotel Elite
9 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#47 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
Sao Mai Hotel
2 reviews
01 Alley 02 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#78 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Very attentive staff. They helped us with everything. The hotel is not spectacular, but perfect price quality. in the center of cat ba. close to all restaurants and shops, and with motorcycles to visit the entire...”
Tien Luat
Nui Ngoc 109, 5 tang, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#66 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“We stayed here for 3 nights and I can easily say, do not stay here. When checking in, we were just given a key with our room number on and pointed away from the desk, no welcoming to the hotel at all. Room was...”
Cat Ba Friendly Hotel
45, Lot 2, Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#57 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“That guide on the desk (brothers) very friendly and helpful! They help you do everything you need about tour,bus and view point! We very happy when we stayed in here ,hight recommend that ‘one! Thank you tony and...”
Good morning Catba Hotel
12 Nui Ngoc 12 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#85 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for 2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...”
Dao Ngoc Hotel
No 34, Nui Ngoc Streest, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#86 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“We booked this room based on the good rating on other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...”
Anh Thuan Hotel 1
5 reviews
41 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#95 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“After 15 months of travelling through Australia and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...”
Thanh Cong Hotel
7 reviews
39 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#67 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.”
Sun and Sea Hotel
26 reviews
26 - 28 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#91 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Stayed here as part of our tour, the rooms are OK bit of mould on lampshades as mentioned in other reviews, staff polite enough, but nothing special. No free water or electric jugs in rooms, road noise can be…”
Motels Near Cat Ba Smile Tours information
Motels Near Cat Ba Smile Tours
There are 1 Motels nearby in Cat Ba
Motels nearby reviews
There are 80 reviews on Tripadvisor for Motels nearby
Motels nearby photos
There are 44 photos on Tripadvisor for Motels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.21 mi
Cat Ba Smile Tours
4 of 1,910
Clear all filters
Highest-rated hotel
188 1 4 Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
We spent four nights here while in Catba. We also
rented a bike for the day and got our washing done all for £34. The women at the front desk was lovely, always with a great big smile. The hotel is very old and...
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai
Halong Bay,
1058
Bai Chay
Ha Long,
Duong Le Hong Phong, 5 Tang
Hai Phong,
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are
clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
224 Mot Thang Tu
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
We booked a private room with balcony and sea view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...
We booked a private room with balcony and sea
view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...
297 Nui Ngoc
The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia, the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…
The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia,
the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…
41 Nui Ngoc
Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…
Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat
Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…
51 Nui Ngoc
Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.
Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff
going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.
3, Alley 2 Nui Ngoc Street
A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...
A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are
unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...
13/2 Du_ng Nui Ng_c
We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...
We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We
thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...
No.180, 1/4 Road
The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff.
The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room
and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff.
36 Nui Ng_c
33 Nui Ng_c
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view
of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
35 Nui Ng_c
16 Nui Ng_c
No. 3 Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
And the hot chocolate is also nice. We walked in the sea dragon hotel, because the hotel we actually booked was dirty and wet. The very kind woman at the sea dragon hotel reception helped us instantly and we…
And the hot chocolate is also nice. We walked
in the sea dragon hotel, because the hotel we actually booked was dirty and wet. The very kind woman at the sea dragon hotel reception helped us instantly and we…
24 Nui Ngoc
For 100000d per night, it’s hard to criticize much. The bed was huge. The AC and hot water worked. It was pretty clean overall. There was a partial view of the bay from the small balcony. Big windows for natural...
For 100000d per night, it’s hard to criticize
much. The bed was huge. The AC and hot water worked. It was pretty clean overall. There was a partial view of the bay from the small balcony. Big windows for natural...
No 2 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc Street
The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great. Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...
The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great.
Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...
36 Nui Ngoc
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000,
9 Nui Ng_c
01 Alley 02 Nui Ngoc
Very attentive staff. They helped us with everything. The hotel is not spectacular, but perfect price quality. in the center of cat ba. close to all restaurants and shops, and with motorcycles to visit the entire...
Very attentive staff. They helped us with
everything. The hotel is not spectacular, but perfect price quality. in the center of cat ba. close to all restaurants and shops, and with motorcycles to visit the entire...
Nui Ngoc 109, 5 tang
We stayed here for 3 nights and I can easily say, do not stay here. When checking in, we were just given a key with our room number on and pointed away from the desk, no welcoming to the hotel at all. Room was...
We stayed here for 3 nights and I can easily say,
do not stay here. When checking in, we were just given a key with our room number on and pointed away from the desk, no welcoming to the hotel at all. Room was...
45, Lot 2, Nui Ngoc
That guide on the desk (brothers) very friendly and helpful! They help you do everything you need about tour,bus and view point! We very happy when we stayed in here ,hight recommend that ‘one! Thank you tony and...
That guide on the desk (brothers) very friendly
and helpful! They help you do everything you need about tour,bus and view point! We very happy when we stayed in here ,hight recommend that ‘one! Thank you tony and...
12 Nui Ngoc 12 Duong Nui Ngoc
I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for 2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...
I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for
2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...
No 34, Nui Ngoc Streest
We booked this room based on the good rating on other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...
We booked this room based on the good rating on
other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...
After 15 months of travelling through Australia and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...
After 15 months of travelling through Australia
and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...
39 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the
receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
26 - 28 Nui Ngoc
Stayed here as part of our tour, the rooms are OK bit of mould on lampshades as mentioned in other reviews, staff polite enough, but nothing special. No free water or electric jugs in rooms, road noise can be…
Stayed here as part of our tour, the rooms are OK
bit of mould on lampshades as mentioned in other reviews, staff polite enough, but nothing special. No free water or electric jugs in rooms, road noise can be…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
