Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangHoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
230 reviews
#4 of 120 Food & Drink in Da Nang
Cultural ToursBike ToursFood ToursBus ToursDay Trips
Closed now
7:00 AM - 10:00 PM
Write a review
See all photos
About
Traveling with us, you will have chances to see the real Viet nam that some bigger company programs do not allow you. All the corner of the central Viet nam will be introduced to you, so you can have a unique experience of the special places and make it to be memorable
Da Nang, Vietnam
Contact
Awards
Travelers' Choice
2023
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours and Tickets by Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour
Private tour/ transfer from Hoi An/Da Nang to Golden Bridge
31
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
- Have a great drive from Hoi An/ Da Nang to Bana hills, have a view of countryside and mountainous area in Da Nang - Experience…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 100% of travelers
from
$41
per adult
Reserve
Marble mountain and Linh Ung temple from Da Nang/ Hoi An (4 hour)
24
Historical Tours
4 hours
- A 4 hour for lot of beautiful sightseeing in Da Nang city Discover history of temples, caves.. - Listen to history and…
$36
My Son sanctuary private tour/transfer from Da Nang/ Hoi An
20
4–5 hours
- A private tour will give you more privacy with your prefered staring time, and you can ask any question, our local guide…
Recommended by 95% of travelers
$37
Private Tour/Transfer to Hue Imperial City from Da Nang/ Hoi An
3
With a full day tour from Hoi An/ Da Nang, you will have a chance to + Enjoy beautiful sightseeing drive along the road…
$67
Hoi An countryside biking tour and water buffalo riding experience (4 hour)
26
Bus Tours
- Cycle around the countryside of Hoi An where you can enjoy rice paddy field, river, shrimp farm, cemetary - Understand…
See More Tours
Travelers talk about
“
my son
”
(10 reviews)
mr vu
(2 reviews)
his english is very good
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice guide
basket boat
bana hills
marble mountain
monkey mountain
hoi
history
hue
sanctuary
vo
driver
bike
company
5.0
Excellent
223
Very good
5
Average
1
Poor
Terrible
0
Leslie L
St. Albert, Canada73 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
The absolute best way to see Central Vietnam!
Jan 2020 • Couples
We’ve just come from spending a few days in Danang, HoiAn and Hue. During this time we relied on the local company Private Day Tour for both guiding and transport. Our primary guide was Vu but we also spent an amazing day with Tran. Our driver, Kien, was a gentle person and so good: we always felt safe with him at the wheel. From the moment we arrived at Danang Airport to when we boarded the plane to Ho Chi Minh some 8 days later, these individuals cared for us as though we were their parents. We are seniors and, unfortunately, my husband was ill much of the time we were there. Vu and Tran were always on time and very flexible if we had to modifying plans. They would contact us in the evening to ask how my husband was feeling and we so appreciated their concern. But most of all, they were wonderful tour guides. Both spoke excellent English and had great knowledge of the sites we visited and the history of Vietnam. Among our tours with them were Danang, HoiAn, Hue city tours, Marble Mountain, Monkey Mountain, Hai Van Pass as well as numerous museums and pagodas (too many to mention). We learned so much and saw so many things that we would not have seen on our own. We will cherish the time we spent wth them and highly recommend Private Day Tour (HoiAn, Danang & Hue).
Read more
Written January 15, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Pawel B
Hua Hin, Thailand163 contributions
Unforgettable private sea fishing experience
Jun 2022
My wife and I love fishing. Upon our arrival we booked a private fishing tour with Vu through our hotel reception. Vu arranged it for us even though it was not fishing season and standard fishing tours were not available. Lucky us. Private fishing tour was a fantastic experience. From the early morning 5 am pick up at our hotel (Golden Holiday Hotel and Spa - see my other review) through barding the boat, sea fishing, BBQ lunch on board until return to the hotel around noon everything went very smoothly. We caught about 50 little pompanos, 20 puffer fish and few other unknown to us species. Some went back to the sea some we ate and will feed a local family. We hoped for a big one but catching the small ones was definitely more fun. Vu is a great guide and companion and we will definitely book more tours with him on our next trip. Highly recommended.
Written June 13, 2022
YShan
1 contribution
Informative trip to Marble Mountain and Lady Buddha with Mr Vu
Feb 2020
Had a memorable four-hour trip incl. transfer time with our guide, Mr Vu from Hoi An to Marble Mountain and Lady Buddha. Mr Vu is knowledgeable and has a good command of English. He is very familiar with the local attractions and led us directly to the main attraction sites without wasting any time. He is friendly and professional. My family and I have definitely learned more about Buddhism in Vietnam from Mr Vu. Thank you!!
Written February 15, 2020
Stacey H
A well balanced bike tour of countryside Hoi An
Oct 2022 • Solo
Vu is very warm and personable. Throughout my bike trip, I got to ride a water buffalo, enjoy a basket boat (we caught 3 crab!), and learn the history of the villages we visited. I would recommend this trip to anyone that wants to see Hoi An in a different light outside of Old Town.
Written October 18, 2022
LaLanda T
11 contributions
Awesome tour of the Ba Na Hills!
Oct 2023 • Solo
Vu was a great guide! He is very knowledgeable about the history of Vietnam!
Our tour lasted about seven hours and we were able to see and learn about every aspect of Ba Na Hills! I would recommend Vu and his tour, he made sure we saw everything and we had free time at the end for games at the amusement park and lunch. Vu also knows the perfect spots to take great photos! If you want a thorough and enjoyable tour…book this one!

Written October 27, 2023
Paul T
2 contributions
Wonderful food, super guide and plenty of learning along the way!
Jul 2022 • Couples
We had an absolutely fantastic food tour in Hoi An led by our wonderful guide Vu. We enjoyed a wide range of traditional Vietnamese street food along our tour and we particularly enjoyed the information and history shared by Vu as we visited each stop on the tour. We found this very interesting and enjoyed learning a lot about Hoi An. We ate in delicious places that we definitely would not have found ourselves. Thank you very much Vu! I will certainly be recommending this tour to all of my friends that visit Hoi An in the future.
Written July 21, 2022
Olivia Baillie
London, UK4 contributions
Perfect day!
May 2023 • Couples
Both of them were absolutely amazing! Công knew so much about the history and the emperors of Hue and the driver was so friendly and amazing at his job. We learnt so much about Vietnamese culture and history throughout the centuries, whilst also hearing some fun stories from Công’s life. Can’t recommend them enough:)
Written May 14, 2023
Marta B
7 contributions
Tour of the Sanctuary with Vu
Aug 2022 • Couples
Vu was a very great guide and helped understand the history and origins of the temples we visited. His English is very good and we enjoyed his company. Recomed to see the wonderful sanctuary and to have an expert explain the story to you.
Written August 11, 2022
Tracy A
Tasty Adventures in Hoi An with an amazing guide.
May 2023 • Solo
I did the Walking Food Tour with Vu. He is very kind, friendly, and knowledgeable about Hoi An history, it's food, and he took me to some amazing places to eat. So many good choices I don't know which place is my favorite. I tried some dishes I would have never tried on my own and will come back to some of these restaurants during my stay in Hoi An. Thank you for a great start on my vacation in Hoi An.
Written May 21, 2023
Евгений С
All the best
Mar 2023 • Friends
My friends and I went on an individual tour with a Wu guide to the city of Hoi An and its surroundings. We had a special request for this trip. Wu is an excellent guide, he told us everything, showed us everything and answered all our questions. I recommend everyone to contact these guys!
Written March 21, 2023
2
…
Showing results 1-10 of 209
Hoi An - Da Nang - Hue Private Day Tour - All You Must Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Cultural Tours
Bike Tours
Food Tours
Day Trips
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
St. Albert, Canada
73 contributions
transparency report
Hua Hin, Thailand
163 contributions
London, UK
4 contributions
