Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Walk-in Shower in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
6 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Walk-in Shower
Top Rated
2023
1. Sheraton Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
994 reviews
#1 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
2. Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#2 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
3. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#3 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
4. Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#4 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
5. Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#5 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
6. Winter Spring Homestay Center
0 reviews
#6 Best Value of 6 Can Tho Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Popular destinations for Hotels with Walk-in Shower
Pasig
Visayas
Kanchipuram District
Tirunelveli District
Ernakulam
Gangneung
The sun rises just a bit more beautifully in Gangneung, particularly in nearby Jeongdongjin, where watching the dawn break on the South Korean horizon is an epic experience and a national New Year's pastime. The beaches and museums are splendid, and Gangneung’s unique parks are worthy of exploration. Kids will be awed by the submarine and warship at Tongil Park, while adults will go nuts for the dramatic architecture and contemporary works of Haslla Art World.
Read more
Gir National Park
Bukhara
Larnaca
Swaying palms and a seaside promenade draw laid-back crowds to Larnaca—and its international airport means it’s the first stop for many visitors to Cyprus. Beyond the coast, sidewalk cafés, markets, and shops lend the port city a lived-in, local feel.
Luxor
The Luxor in Las Vegas is to the actual CITY of Luxor, Egypt, as marshmallow fluff is to fois gras. (We’re sure you knew that. We just enjoy analogies.) Sure, the hotel/casino in Vegas might have a beam of light visible from space, but we bet you'll find a hot-air balloon ride over the Valley of Kings much more illuminating. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsWalk-in Shower
All Inclusive
Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
25.7 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 4 hotels in Cai Be
"Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend..."
"Absolutely beautiful location, stunning gardens and fantastic service. We stayed here for 2 nights on our way through the Mekong. I can honestly say from start to finish the service was outstanding due to the..."
Ben Tre Riverside Resort
239 reviews
40.3 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Spent a few days and nights here over Christmas. Checked in the day before Christmas and headed straight to the cafe which is right on the river's edge. We booked in for the special Christmas meal which was only..."
"Stayed here as part of a wedding party, which was also held here. The setting is beautiful. River view rooms have an unending parade of various boats on the Mekong. Staff is somewhat formal, but helpful. Food..."
Lara Hotel Long Xuyen
2 reviews
33.5 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 12 hotels in Long Xuyen
Hotel Trí Lê
30.9 miles from Can Tho
Homestay ViVu
45.3 miles from Can Tho
Matches:Walk-in Shower
Missing:Hotels & Motels
NAIIE MEKONG
73 reviews
In Can Tho
#9 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Stayed for 2 nights. Super friendly owner, allowing to check in at 7am :) friendly family, good wifi and always happy to help with anything you ask. I was fortunate to have whole room to myself due to low season as..."
"Good value for money at this hostel but what really makes it is the great staff. They arranged a really good tour for us on a Vietnamese boat (so only about £6) and dropped us off. They also hosted a spring roll..."
Huynh Lac Can Tho Hotel
59 reviews
#87 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed at this hotel as a part of a tour through TNK travel. It appeared to be a budget hotel that held many people for tours. There was a cockroach in the bathroom and overall cleanliness could be improved. The..."
"We spent 3 nights in this hotel. It's ok but not crazy. Good bathroom with shampoo toothbrush and shower gel; Room Ok but not feng shui at all : A bed in front of a window and a miror and AC. Windows are so tiny..."
Can Tho Ecolodge
124 reviews
#5 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Can Tho Ecolodge lives up to its motto, "comfort, nature, local." This isn't a luxury resort, rather a down to earth place to stay with all the amenities you could possibly need. Being a country girl myself, I felt..."
"It was such a great finding. It's exactly what I was hoping to find to spend a couple of days in Can Tho. The rooms are clean, big and you can see their commitment with sustainability. They heat the water with solar..."
Rabbit Hostel Can Tho
#34 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"My friend and I traveled around Mekong detal by bike. We found this place. OMG, it was so nice, clean and big room, free coffee and fruits. The owner and staffs were delightful. And so cheap! $7 a big room for 2..."
"I booked a deluxe room.The room was clean, new and comfortable. Hostel offers me complimentary fruit,tea,coffee and welcome drink..It is too good for small hotel.the price is cheaper than other hostels"
CT Morning Hostel
1 review
#42 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Hoàng Sơn's Home
Enjoy Mekong Hostel
26 reviews
#20 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We stayed 2 nights at Enjoy Mekong in a Private room. The room was nicely sized. The bathroom was in the same room as the bedroom - only separated by a curtain. Location was nice with a large store across the..."
"The staff was very helpful and accommodated myself and 2 others despite not having any real beds left. The next day we were able to switch rooms in to a room with beds sectioned off by curtains. The staff also..."
Orchid Garden Homestay Can Tho
#70 of 71 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Cho Nau - Minimalism House And Tea, Coffee
Green Sunshine Can Tho
3 reviews
#18 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Nice homestay with wonderful host in Can Tho City. I feel more comfortable when I stay there. Jess is so friendly, she will help me everything when I stayed in Can Tho city and organize a tour for us. High..."
"We loved our experience at Jes’s homestay. It was a pleasure getting to know her and her family, and she was a great host. Her home is cozy and in a nice, quiet area. Jes can coordinate everything for your time in..."
Adora Central Park Hostel
0.7 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 10 Specialty lodging in Ninh Kieu
"I arrived at Adora Central Park and upon entering the room I was surprised that the room does not match the photos that appear on each of the booking sites on which this accommodation appears. It is not clear from..."
"This hostel has honestly been the highlight of our trip to Can Tho. The rooms are clean and tidy (we had the double bunk bed). They are environmentally conscious (their water heater is solar powered) and the staff..."
Papaya Homestay Sadec
6 reviews
15.9 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 7 B&Bs / Inns in Sa Dec
"I have stayed at Papaya Homestay in Sadec a couple of times. It's only a couple of hours from Ho Chi Minh city and is peaceful and relaxing retreat, surrounded by lush fruit trees and close to the beautiful Mekong..."
"Stayed here four nights with my brother in a room overlooking the river. Trinh and Marcus were wonderful hosts and guides, with lots of local tips and knowledge. They helped us organise transport, bikes and a boat..."
Cuu Long B Hotel Vinh Long
5 reviews
19.8 miles from Can Tho
#8 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"we just stayed a night in a river view room with Balcony, clean, AC, fridge, cable TV, just across the pier for the ferry to the island, it is also possible to rent pushbikes from the tourist office just across the..."
"I stayed for a month a few years ago while working in the area. Room Service is great, good sized rooms. good price, good management, free breakfast buffet ( across the street ) fast internet and really nice staff."
Mekong Pottery Homestay
30 reviews
20.9 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 26 Specialty lodging in Vinh Long
"Positive: Yennie is the hostess with the moistest! Probably the friendliest and most organised host in all of Viet Nam. Outside each unit is a huge patio that overlooks an enchanting, quirky, garden. Meals are..."
"I only stayed here one night but Yennie made it an unforgettable stay over. My room had a hand painted greeting on a leaf and the door had my name decorated. The outdoor shower was a nature wonderland. The patio was..."
La Villa de Coco Ben Tre
9 reviews
37.3 miles from Can Tho
#5 of 23 B&Bs / Inns in Ben Tre
"We enjoyed our time in this very clean and cosy place. They lent us GOOD bicycles, enabled us to visit and discover the wonderful surrounding of Mekong. We also thank this nice and very caring couple and team for..."
"Beautiful small hotel in the Mekong Delta - lovely garden and pool, daily change of ( delicious) Vietnamese set dinner, bicycles to explore the tranquil countryside, amazing staff who made our stay exceptional and..."
Nguyet Que Homestay & Tours
29 reviews
44.0 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 31 Specialty lodging in Ben Tre
"100% recommend this homestay. Ben Tre is an amazing non touristic alternative to the traditional Mekong delta trip. This family run homestay was extremely nice, accommodating and attentive. The rooms were simple but..."
"This homestay is wonderful! The family are welcoming, helpful, kind & accommodating. The rooms are spotlessly clean, comfortable, spacious & well equipped, most overlooking the beautiful garden. Years of love & hard..."
STAY Hostel
45.8 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 36 Specialty lodging in Rach Gia
"Stayed here for one night on arrival in Vietnam before travelling on to Ho Chi Minh City. The staff were very helpful, he booked our bus for us to HCMC with pick up at hostel. Very clean room and shower and toilets..."
"I stayed here the night before I took the ferry to Hon Son Island. The place is nice and comfy. The host was very kind and friendly. Room was nicely arranged. Close to shopping center and many other eateries, 7..."
Ngoc Giau Hotel
48.4 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 36 Specialty lodging in Rach Gia
"Small Hotel with medium service. Many times noisy because its located on the mainroad. Guests in Hotel are noisy too and don´t respect others. Receptionst speaks little english. The big plus: Its close to a good..."
Đông Hải Hotel
49.1 miles from Can Tho
#3 of 44 B&Bs / Inns in Rach Gia
"stayed in late March with friends that had 6 rooms. luxury very clean and new rooms. rooms level 2 with balcony are very spacious. We were headed to Hon Son island on a bike trip and the convenience of being only..."
"Perfect hotel, clean and friendly staff. Would definetly come here again on my next visit to Rach Gia, Vietnam. There is a cozy coffee shop at the lobby. Hotel situated conveniently next to the Port. Recommended."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
Hotels Prices From
$11
Hotels Reviews
1,276
Hotels Photos
1,973
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with walk-in shower
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with walk-in shower are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with walk-in shower in Can Tho that offer kids activities?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
6 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
