Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with EV Charging
THE 10 BEST Hotels with EV Charging in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with EV Charging
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
Amenities
Electric vehicle charging station
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Searching hundreds of travel sites to find you the best price
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Nhu Minh Plaza Danang Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
628 reviews
In Da Nang
#12 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"베트남 오자마자 숙막한곳에서 룸업그레이드로 넓고 으쁜곳에서 잘수있어서 너무 좋았어요 아침에 조식도 종류는. 많지 않지만 다들 맛있는것만. 있어서. 좋았고 아이들이랑. 같이가기. 좋았어요 I stay at Nhu Minh Plaza hotel for 2 nights. Everything is so good. The location is very good and near city..."
2023
TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,089 reviews
#28 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef Huang..."
Best Seller
Danang Marriott Resort & Spa, Non Nuoc Beach Villas
1,797 reviews
4.6 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 1 hotels in Hoa Hai
"Thank you Danang Marriott for making us happy The room conditioning service was all the best. Thanks to the help of the kindest staff among the hotels, I had a great vacation. I had a great time, especially thanks..."
Visit hotel website
Sofiana My Khe Hotel & Spa
577 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#2 of 71 hotels in My An
"Great location, close to restaurants and the beach (beach bar and Coco surfing school/rental). Super friendly people. Great breakfast (with lots of service). Spacious room with a bath tub. Would highly recommend..."
Serene Beach Hotel
659 reviews
#14 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very good view and hotel staff like Huyen Tram Hien Binh Hung in the lobby. Hotel is at very luxurious and service is also very good, good rooms and nice view. I will come back and book the room to enjoy the..."
Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
907 reviews
#9 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in..."
"10 it is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at We have been coming here for 4 years And it is my second home All rooms face the sea and a beautiful clean beach The staff are amazing from the person That..."
Daisy Boutique Hotel - Apartment
322 reviews
#18 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"It was nice and pleasant during my stay The pool is pretty and the staff is kind! Tiffany, Queen and zoey took good care of us and solved small problems It was so warm and kind that I felt good I want to come again..."
Bluesun Hotel
532 reviews
#10 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"It was a super stay. And the staff was super impressive. Tiffany at the reception without any hesitation helped with early checkin. Also, the location of the property is top notch - Bang opposite the beach. You get..."
"We stayed for two night, but it was really great! Location was right on the beach and near some restaurant. They kept our bags both before we checked in and after we checked out. Wide variety at the breakfast. Would..."
DLG Hotel Danang
642 reviews
#19 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL. I..."
San Marino Boutique Danang
734 reviews
#21 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel atmosphere and the room are really nice. The staff is very welcoming and friendly. They help us with the luggage and coordinate with the driver especially Kha and Phuoc. The room is very tidy and clean..."
Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
2.2 miles from Da Nang
#4 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"Great place with great views from the room and rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with..."
Chicland Hotel
580 reviews
#35 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We loved the view from our room (deluxe double with balcony). Staff and service were terrific. We had an issue with our bedding and it was taken care of right away. We also had an issue with a Grab driver and hotel..."
Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#89 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very nice hotel and good services. The receptionist always say hello to us, they even keep our lugguage, Lily is so kind snd friendly. Thank you Balcona team ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ they request 200 characters..."
"So quite and comfortble. I recommend to stay here. Bes and pillow is 2type . It is good adjuest to my heck hight. But. Showe head is not good water is little spletter. But it is not big issue. And some guy is..."
Golden Lotus Luxury Hotel Da Nang
286 reviews
#26 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The stay was extremely pleasant. The hotel personnel were extremely helpful and lovely. I really appreciate Bobby, who was always available to help with his service.I particularly like the afternoon tea they..."
Chi House Danang Hotel & Apartment
184 reviews
#31 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Chi House Hotel and Apartment is a lovely hotel, nice rooms, excellent service and great location close to the beach. I got the room with pool view, which is just spectacular. Swimming pool was amazing, friendly..."
"Here is a waitress called Han, she served us super well, I can totally feel the passion and enthusiasm from her. I’m gonna rate her 10 points out of 10. No cap. If the general manager saw this review, pls give this..."
Lahome Apartment And Villa
145 reviews
#39 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed at Lahome hotel for 3 nights and we were warmly welcomed by Tram staff who were friendly and welcoming to us. Very delicious breakfast, everyone. Very close to the beach, only 2 minutes walk, it's..."
Top Rated
Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
3.2 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 4 hotels in Nai Hien Dong
"This Hotel is good for every all offacillity especially The swimming fool is fNntastic. Behavior of these staff here are friendly. Breakfast in here is good and dilicious. I will go there next time in my vacation. I..."
Grand Cititel Danang Hotel
133 reviews
#69 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Honesty is a noble virtue it is the secret of success in every sphere of life, KUDOS to Grand Cititel Đà Nẵng Hotel for your well trained housekeeping department's employee, Ms Loan . Here's the story! I received..."
Hilton Da Nang
1,436 reviews
#57 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Mina, who works at the Executive lounge, is super friendly and kind. She told us some good tips at Da nang. And also the foods and beverages at the lounge was really good and I really enjoyed the stay at this..."
Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
949 reviews
#32 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Our hotel staff is Hien! She was very kind and sweet. Her service is very good . She provided us with a good room and tried to tell us a lot. We were moved by her service. We will want to come here again because of..."
"The rooms are beautiful and the staff are second to none. They are so helpful and polite. The food is also amazing and tasty. The location is ideal and having the pool right by the ocean is lovely. Would definitely..."
Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
#4 of 71 hotels in My An
"This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean..."
Altara Suites
601 reviews
#65 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Your hotel is good, room is very big and cosy. All staffs are very nice and welcoming. Especially, I would like to appreciate your staff, Will, who is very helpful and friendly, he helped us to arrange tickets to..."
Canvas Danang Beach Hotel
#52 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Nice hotel located in the city centre, near several famous seafood restaurants, Spas and walking distance to My Khe Beach. Breakfast is simple yet beyond expectation. Room is clean, spacious and have stunning beach..."
Santa Luxury Hotel
383 reviews
#42 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Great stay at the hotel. All the staff were helpful especially Jamie and apple. The view from our room was amazing. We like this place because the location is very good, convenient and close to the beach.near..."
Khách Sạn Mường Thanh Luxury Sông Hàn
193 reviews
#44 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Loved our stay at this hotel. Excellent service, accommodation and the staff (especially Nhi) was so very helpful. So lovely. Would definitely stay there again. Central to everything . Great walking across the..."
Grand Gold Hotel
345 reviews
3.7 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 5 hotels in Tho Quang
"It's a very good located at almost end of the costal line. Very cool and calm place to live. We had a very good stay with beautiful sea view room. Very specious rooms. With all the facilities. Breakfast is damn..."
Minh Boutique
270 reviews
#71 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Sweet boutique hotel. Lovely decor. Very clean. Excellent team running the place, very helpful. Amazing breakfast!!! So much to try of the local cuisine. Just like at home haha because we can hear our neighbours..."
Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#34 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the..."
Fivitel Da Nang Hotel
691 reviews
#66 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We only stayed one night here but would happily have stayed more if our itinerary allowed. The view of Dragon Bridge and the river make anything worthwhile. The pool on the roof is brilliant with its unobstructed..."
The Code Hotel & Spa
156 reviews
#67 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I am the long stay guest and I love the hotel very much. The reception make my trip an exceptional trip . I love van, tien and linh so much. If I have time ,I will return and meet my Vietnamese friend again. The..."
Hotels with EV Charging nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Hotels with EV Charging
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Mysore District
Idukki District
Belgaum
Kangra District
Sakata
Eastern Province
Hamilton Island
Southern District
Mersin
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with ev charging
What are the best hotels with ev charging near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with ev charging are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with ev charging in Da Nang?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with ev charging in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
