Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels on the River
THE 10 BEST Hotels on the River in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels on the River
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
River View
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:River View
Little Dalat
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
River Side Cottage
Hong Dao Hotel
OYO 753 Bright Moon Hotel
Ngoc Hung Tay Nam Hotel
Kita
Linh Phuong 5 Hotel
Nhan Tay Hostel
Dubai Luxury Hotel & Massage
Monaco Hotel
Nha Nghi Gia Khang
Lavender Hotel Can Tho
Thuy Ha Hotel
Song Anh Hotel
Can Tho Eco Resort Powered by Aston
69's Hometel
Thiên Ân Hotel & Apartment
Mương Đình Lodge
1 review
#37 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Nha Nghi Huong Thuy
Brown House Resort
AN NAM CORNER - Can Tho
Nha Nghi Nguyen Anh Can Tho
2 reviews
#65 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thien Bao Hotel
Convoi Hotel
Dai Nam Hotel
RedDoorz Kim Phung Hotel Near Nguyen Van Linh
Nhà Nghỉ Ngọc Hương
PInk Hotel Cần Thơ
Nha Nghi Huy Danh
Popular destinations for Hotels on the River
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Kanchanaburi
Kanchanaburi, capital of Kanchanaburi Province, is home to the Burma Railway (aka "Death Railway") bridge built by Allied POWs during WWII and immortalized in Bridge Over the River Kwai. A memorial and two museums commemorate those who died in the effort, and a yearly carnival includes a pyrotechnic recreation of the bridge’s bombing. The wider province offers forests and caves to explore, and beautiful waterfalls.
Melaka
This charming city is a UNESCO world heritage site, with a rich trading history and multicultural heritage. Melaka is a rewarding town to explore and is about two hours from Kuala Lumpur.
Luang Prabang
This UNESCO World Heritage Site is the former capital of Laos, and you'll see everything from golden-roofed temples to vestiges of colonial French architecture here. Buddhist monasteries abound in Luang Prabang, and early every morning, monks process through the streets collecting alms (their food for the day). If you want to watch or participate, though, ask your hotel for a brief etiquette lesson first—you have to distribute the food in a specific manner.
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Varanasi
The north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a center of silk weaving, so practice haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels on the river
What are the best hotels on the river near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels on the river are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels on the river in Can Tho?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are romantic?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
