Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
5 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 5 Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
"Apart from the beautiful indoor pool there are two very clean outdoor pools one of which is huge."
"The heated indoor pool was great for all the kids."
Top Rated
2. Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#2 Best Value of 5 Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
"Indoor pool and gym, staff is amazing."
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
3. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
#3 Best Value of 5 Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
"Great hotel !! Staff were all very friendly very helpful very attentive Facilities were all fantastic great indoor pool for when its too hot outside with beautiful views a very complete breakfast rooms are large v..."
"There's a great indoor pool, which was super to swim in when it was raining for a full day."
Visit hotel website
4. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#4 Best Value of 5 Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
5. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#5 Best Value of 5 Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Indoor poolHotels & Motels
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
24.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
"Awarded Tripadvisor Travelers' Choice Best of the Best 2023 1. Feature: The property is located in the Vinhomes Imperia Metropolitan Area, near to local shopping mall and Cat Bi International Airport (6 miles..."
Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
3.3 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"We didn’t use the indoor pool, although it looked nice."
"The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our..."
D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Staff go all out every minute of every day, receptionists are so friendly, i like them !. nice Indoor pool and four season swimming pool, great for a swim."
"I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated, they're..."
FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
5.3 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Indoor pool was heated and great for a swim."
"The indoor pool is heated and the gym equipment is quite decent."
A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
1.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The spa is right beside a massive indoor pool which also has 3 indoor Jacuzzis, and also a well stocked gym ."
"The massage was wonderful and just what I needed. My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was..."
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Indoor pool and hot jacuzzi is amazing especially after a long tiring day."
"Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel."
Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
1 review
#42 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and..."
Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
22.5 miles from Halong Bay
#56 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
24.3 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
The Shine Hotel
22.6 miles from Halong Bay
#74 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Nice hotel with great location, Breakfast at 19fl ,foods daily change with local cuisine,View look over the city, Gym & pool at 4&5fl also ok,Specail love is very clean hotel,large room, Worthly to stay."
Long Hai Hotel
29.8 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 1 hotels in Dong Trieu
Matches:Indoor pool
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Song Loc Luxury Hotel
19 reviews
In Halong Bay
#12 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This is a great hotel, albeit it’s out the way. The walk to the main bay is actually a really nice walk, there are a few coffee houses on the way if that’s your thing. We were here in December and they had the..."
"Stay there for 2 nights and it was my second stay of my trip: + Pros: Spacious room, New hotel, A la Carte menu was quite quality. + Cons: No soundproof rooms (I hear clearly neighbor discussions), staff was not..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Indoor pool
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
HaLong Legend Hotel
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 163 Specialty lodging in Ha Long
"we planned to stay here for 3 nights however having realised there isn’t much to do in halong we shortened this to two. however, we were very thankful we booked the legend hotel as it was such a lovely hotel. the..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
24.6 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
"When the hotel and facilities are full operational would be 5 points. Incredible room and view. Outstanding staff from check in to check out. All deserve a 👍. 2 pools with amazing vibes relax first class "
Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#18 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
Hera Hotel
36 reviews
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
Hotels Prices From
$37
Hotels Reviews
1,861
Hotels Photos
2,729
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
5 of 474
Apart from the beautiful indoor pool there are two very clean outdoor pools one of which is huge.
Apart from the
beautiful indoor pool
there are two very clean outdoor pools one of which is huge.
The heated indoor pool was great for all the kids.
The
heated indoor pool was
great for all the kids.
Indoor pool and gym, staff is amazing.
Indoor pool and gym
, staff is amazing.
Great hotel !! Staff were all very friendly very helpful very attentive Facilities were all fantastic great indoor pool for when its too hot outside with beautiful views a very complete breakfast rooms are large v...
Great hotel !! Staff were all very friendly very helpful very attentive Facilities were all fantastic
great indoor pool
for when its too hot outside with beautiful views a very complete breakfast rooms are large v...
There's a great indoor pool, which was super to swim in when it was raining for a full day.
There's a
, which was super to swim in when it was raining for a full day.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
We didn’t use the indoor pool, although it looked nice.
We didn’t use the
indoor pool
, although it looked nice.
Staff go all out every minute of every day, receptionists are so friendly, i like them !. nice Indoor pool and four season swimming pool, great for a swim.
Staff go all out every minute of every day, receptionists are so friendly, i like them !.
nice Indoor pool and
four season swimming pool, great for a swim.
Indoor pool was heated and great for a swim.
Indoor pool was heated
and great for a swim.
The indoor pool is heated and the gym equipment is quite decent.
is heated and the gym equipment is quite decent.
The spa is right beside a massive indoor pool which also has 3 indoor Jacuzzis, and also a well stocked gym .
The spa is right beside a massive
which also has 3 indoor Jacuzzis, and also a well stocked gym .
Indoor pool and hot jacuzzi is amazing especially after a long tiring day.
and hot jacuzzi is amazing especially after a long tiring day.
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
114 reviews
948 reviews
365 reviews
