Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels on the River
THE 10 BEST Hotels on the River in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels on the River
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
River View
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:River View
Nam Mon Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
168 reviews
In Can Tho
#14 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
#23 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. "
Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
#21 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think..."
"This lovely lodge is managed brilliantly. They took care of me from arrival to departure, and introduced me to some amazing food and tours. Thanks to Mr Cao and Ms Lieu for taking care of me- lovely people. Easy..."
Mekong Daniel Bungalow
18 reviews
#24 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this..."
"What a great place ! Daniel the owner & breakfast chef was the most pleasant man to chat with .his morning omelettes we’re to the moon and back .great bungalow room we stayed in 2 nights .clean ,comfortable and the..."
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Visit hotel website
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#30 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
International Hotel
55 reviews
#28 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view..."
"We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is still..."
Fit Hotel Can Tho
#31 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#32 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
Holiday Hotel
29 reviews
#33 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Bed was comfortable, noisy exhaust fan in bathroom, air-con worked well. Breakfast was ok. Only issue we had was handing over our passports at check in & advised we would get them back at 5pm, but when we returned..."
"We stayed one night as we were passing through. The room was spacious and clean and the breakfast was adequate. Staff are friendly. Located beside nice bars and restaurants. Good value for the price paid."
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals..."
"Great little hotel in the hustle and bustle of the markets. A good central location. Rooms are well presented, clean and have all Amenities. Staff are friendly, helpful and can point you in the right direction..."
Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
#39 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
#40 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
Linh Phuong 3
#42 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Mien Tay Hotel
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the shiny..."
"We stayed overnight in a triple room with my husband and son, on our way to Mu Cang Chai. The town is not very interesting - except for the market which was fascinating! - and there are very few tourists so..."
Khanh Duong Hotel
#46 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great little family run hotel. We booked it in AGODA for $11 a night for a double. We were given the third floor no elevator, other than that I cannot understand why it is so cheap. The staff are so nice and..."
Phuong Dong Hotel
14 reviews
#47 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window..."
"If you want a cheap room for the night then stay here, my room was neat and reasonably clean. Don't use the lifts to risky trust the stairs. All staff English is very poor or non existant. the restaurant menu..."
Can Tho Guesthouse
#48 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though..."
"Who in their right mind would put the external part of the air con unit INSIDE the building Constant sound of knackered air con units right outside your door (room 214) will keep you awake ALL night Add to..."
Lion Hotel
#49 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
An Hotel Can Tho
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a..."
Kim Khanh Hotel
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner..."
"My family and I only stayed there for one night. The staff was indeed friendly and helpful. We had a familiy room (space for 4+baby) at the top. The view from the adjoining terrace was marvelous. The breakfast was..."
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
Phuong Nga Hotel
31 reviews
#53 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is located far from Ninh Kieu Quay, it is about thirty minutes walk to it. I stayed in a standard double room in September. The room was around 20 square meters, it had a refrigerator, electric tea pot..."
"Good value hotel with a fair breakfast( small selection but good presentation and service). Room was a good size. clean and well fitted out. On a main street with shops at hand. Not many eating places nearby."
Lan Vy Hotel
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Popular destinations for Hotels on the River
Ho Chi Minh City
Vietnam's bustling largest city sets the cultural and economic pace for the country. The former Saigon boasts charming French colonial architecture and wide boulevards, usually thronged and choked with traffic. Taxis are an option for seeing the sprawling city. The War Remnants Museum shows the Vietnam War through Vietnamese eyes. Don't miss the impressive Jade Emperor Pagoda. Go to the frenetic Ben Thanh Market for food, flowers or frogs. Tour through the Mekong Delta, past rice paddies and houseboats.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Kanchanaburi
Kanchanaburi, capital of Kanchanaburi Province, is home to the Burma Railway (aka "Death Railway") bridge built by Allied POWs during WWII and immortalized in Bridge Over the River Kwai. A memorial and two museums commemorate those who died in the effort, and a yearly carnival includes a pyrotechnic recreation of the bridge’s bombing. The wider province offers forests and caves to explore, and beautiful waterfalls.
Melaka
This charming city is a UNESCO world heritage site, with a rich trading history and multicultural heritage. Melaka is a rewarding town to explore and is about two hours from Kuala Lumpur.
Luang Prabang
This UNESCO World Heritage Site is the former capital of Laos, and you'll see everything from golden-roofed temples to vestiges of colonial French architecture here. Buddhist monasteries abound in Luang Prabang, and early every morning, monks process through the streets collecting alms (their food for the day). If you want to watch or participate, though, ask your hotel for a brief etiquette lesson first—you have to distribute the food in a specific manner.
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Varanasi
The north Indian city of Varanasi, or Benares, is regarded as sacred by Hindus, Buddhists and Jains. Situated in the fertile Ganga valley and on the banks of the Ganges, Varanasi is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus, who come to bathe in the holy river. Known as the City of Temples and a beacon of culture, Varanasi has produced many renowned writers. It’s also a center of silk weaving, so practice haggling at the chaotic bazaar for some beautiful souvenirs. Rickshaws are the best way to get about.
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels on the river
What are the best hotels on the river near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels on the river are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels on the river in Can Tho?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are romantic?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any hotels on the river in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels on the river in Can Tho have free parking?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
