Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
THE BEST Hotels with Swim-up Bar in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Swimup Bar
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Swimup Bar
Saigon Cantho Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
203 reviews
In Can Tho
#29 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always..."
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#30 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
International Hotel
55 reviews
#28 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view..."
"We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is still..."
Fit Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#31 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Holiday Hotel
29 reviews
#33 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Bed was comfortable, noisy exhaust fan in bathroom, air-con worked well. Breakfast was ok. Only issue we had was handing over our passports at check in & advised we would get them back at 5pm, but when we returned..."
"We stayed one night as we were passing through. The room was spacious and clean and the breakfast was adequate. Staff are friendly. Located beside nice bars and restaurants. Good value for the price paid."
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals..."
"Great little hotel in the hustle and bustle of the markets. A good central location. Rooms are well presented, clean and have all Amenities. Staff are friendly, helpful and can point you in the right direction..."
Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
#39 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
#40 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
Linh Phuong 3
#42 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Mien Tay Hotel
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the shiny..."
"We stayed overnight in a triple room with my husband and son, on our way to Mu Cang Chai. The town is not very interesting - except for the market which was fascinating! - and there are very few tourists so..."
Khanh Duong Hotel
#46 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great little family run hotel. We booked it in AGODA for $11 a night for a double. We were given the third floor no elevator, other than that I cannot understand why it is so cheap. The staff are so nice and..."
Phuong Dong Hotel
14 reviews
#47 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window..."
"If you want a cheap room for the night then stay here, my room was neat and reasonably clean. Don't use the lifts to risky trust the stairs. All staff English is very poor or non existant. the restaurant menu..."
Can Tho Guesthouse
8 reviews
#48 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though..."
"Who in their right mind would put the external part of the air con unit INSIDE the building Constant sound of knackered air con units right outside your door (room 214) will keep you awake ALL night Add to..."
Lion Hotel
#49 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
An Hotel Can Tho
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a..."
Kim Khanh Hotel
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner..."
"My family and I only stayed there for one night. The staff was indeed friendly and helpful. We had a familiy room (space for 4+baby) at the top. The view from the adjoining terrace was marvelous. The breakfast was..."
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
Phuong Nga Hotel
31 reviews
#53 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is located far from Ninh Kieu Quay, it is about thirty minutes walk to it. I stayed in a standard double room in September. The room was around 20 square meters, it had a refrigerator, electric tea pot..."
"Good value hotel with a fair breakfast( small selection but good presentation and service). Room was a good size. clean and well fitted out. On a main street with shops at hand. Not many eating places nearby."
Lan Vy Hotel
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
#55 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the..."
Anh Thu Hotel
#56 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from..."
"The Anh Thu Hotel in Can Tho was firmly in the budget category, this essentially means it is on the edge of living in poverty. Room rate $15-20 a standard double & about 1.5kms from town. You know you are living..."
Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
#57 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay."
Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
#60 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the..."
"This hotel is right on the river and next to the market, at the south end of the central part of town. It was fascinating to watch the boat traffic from the room (I think all the rooms have common balconies). On the..."
Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#58 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
Tan Phuoc 2
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Tulip Hotel
#61 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Stay House
#62 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Popular destinations for Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Coron
Coron is a fantastic base for adventure, especially for underwater explorers seeking to dive amid the Japanese shipwrecks of the 1940s. Hop a guided mangrove kayak tour or practice your killer spike on the beach-volleyball court at Atwayan Beach. Jungle treks, horseback tours and island camping will further quench your thirst for the ultimate outdoor experience.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ghaziabad
Named after its founder Ghazi-ud-din, Ghaziabad is a large industrial city in the state of Uttar Pradesh. While Ghaziabad has industries that manufacture railway coaches, diesel engines, bicycles, glassware, pottery etc., its proximity to Delhi also makes Ghaziabad an important satellite city
Port Ghalib
Port Ghalib is the ultimate spot for those in the know, with its perfect blend of relaxation, adventure, and luxury. The beaches are one of the main draws, with golden sands and blue waters that you could spend all your days soaking up. The world beneath the surface is just as stunning—a boat ride takes you to Sataya Reef, where you can explore the vibrant coral reef and swim with dolphins. When you're ready to dry off, Port Ghalib Marina is the go-to for a night out. With yachts, waterfront restaurants, and a Mediterranean vibe, it's ideal for a sunset stroll or fancy dinner.
Nakhon Ratchasima Province
Pantai Tengah
San Juan
Pune District
Gurgaon District
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with swim-up bar
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with swim-up bar are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer a gym?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
