Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Steam Room
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Steam Room in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Steam Room
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Steam Room
Asia Hotel Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
18 reviews
In Can Tho
#57 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay."
Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
#60 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the..."
"This hotel is right on the river and next to the market, at the south end of the central part of town. It was fascinating to watch the boat traffic from the room (I think all the rooms have common balconies). On the..."
Tan Phuoc 2
4 reviews
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Tulip Hotel
1 review
#61 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Stay House
#62 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Phuc Long 2
#63 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Holiday 2 Hotel
2 reviews
#69 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Part of a tour. The breakfast is good. Hotel is just barely okay. Location is dreadful. Way too many neon massage signs around to make a person feel comfortable walking around. Not a great place, a person could do..."
"Dishonest and misleading hotel. Believe the poor reviews. Lots of prostitution business in the area. I had booked hotel room for 7 days but cancelled it after staying one night. I booked two rooms via agoda. When I..."
Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
#68 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could..."
"We stayed in this hotel on an overnight Mekong Delta tour from Ho Chi Minh so we did not pick this hotel ourselves. On first appearances the hotel is very basic, but looks fine. Unfortunately, when we pulled back..."
Hanh Phuc Hotel Can Tho
#70 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My family stays in 4VIP rooms.The rooms are big and clean.However the staffs here cant really speak English.They will use translation apps to communicate with you. No tissue paper in the room.Not located in the..."
"The staff were nice and did their jobs. The rooms were clean but not really that nice. The one we got had a small window with a view of a wall, and there was some kind of problem with the hot water. They said it..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
Hello 2
37 reviews
#72 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy..."
"Staff is very kind and helpful. Too bad the room was quite smelly and old. Beds were okay and there was a big bath we couldn't really use since the hot water was not hot at all. The location is great cause it's very..."
Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#73 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come..."
"I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the..."
Hoa Phuong Hotel
#74 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I went there to visit the Mekong Delta. The plan was to stay there three nights, but at least I stayed only two nights. The room and the bathroom weren't really clean and air conditioning and wifi didn't work. But..."
"Ok I know the tour from Sinh tourist is quite cheap, but there'are a lot of better hôtels at the same price. Obviously they have an agreement with sinh tourist. the main problem is the dirt, the whole place would..."
Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
#75 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the..."
"We had to stay in this hotel as part of a 2 day Mekong Delta Tour (also not recommended). We wouldn't have chose it otherwise. It is obviously a "pay by hour" hotel from the red light on the bedroom wall, provided..."
Hoang Anh Hotel
0 reviews
Hoài An 3D
Khach San Gan Cho Noi Cai Rang
HAO DONG HOTEL
Vuon sinh Thai Xeo Nhum
Nha Nghi Thao Toan
Nha Nghi Ngoc Thuy
Hotel Phúc Long
Thien Loc Phat Hotel
Mid Night
Lion 3 Hotel
Little Dalat
River Side Cottage
Hong Dao Hotel
OYO 753 Bright Moon Hotel
Popular destinations for Hotels with Steam Room
Phu Yen Province
Bang Lamung
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Gorakhpur
Ooty (Udhagamandalam)
Popularly referred to as Ooty, this gem among southern hill resorts is covered in eucalyptus and pine trees and coffee and tea plantations. On a clear day, it's possible to see as far as the Mysore plateau from Dodabetta Peak, the district's most prominent viewpoint. The Stone House, a landmark 1822 bungalow, and St. Stephen's Church are remnants of the area's first British settlement. Also noteworthy: formal botanical gardens, a children's mini-garden and a contemporary art collection.
Kannur District
Gandhinagar
Greater Newcastle
Nizhny Novgorod
There are hundreds of historical monuments and features in Nizhny Novgorod, each more beautiful and unique than the last. A red brick kremlin, stone cathedrals, a futuristic planetarium, medieval monasteries, a hyperboloid tower... Nizhny Novgorod seems to be a mashup of cultures, eras and technologies that all miraculously work in harmony to create an endearing urban landscape.
Herzliya
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with steam room
What are the best hotels with steam room near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with steam room are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with steam room in Can Tho?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with steam room in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
