Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Nghe An Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamNghe An ProvinceThings to Do in Nghe An Province
Things to Do in Nghe An Province, Vietnam - Nghe An Province Attractions
Things to Do in Nghe An Province
Enter dates
Sort
Map
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Transportation
Types of Attractions
Nature & Parks
Sights & Landmarks
Nightlife
Spas & Wellness
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
Good for Big Groups
Show more
33 places sorted by traveler favorites
1. Dong Du Village
43
Neighborhoods
Open now
By Lee160977
Local foods were excellent and tasty. Dong Du village is an untouched place by tourists in Northern Center of Vietnam...
2. Pu Mat National Park
22
National Parks
By nguyent381
You can request a boat custom to stop to swim along the Giang river too. Overral, we had a wonderful trip with Ethnic...
3. Cua Lo Beach
45
Beaches
By aaanhnguyen
You can stay at Vinh city and arrive to Cua Lo beach in the afternoon by taxi or motorbike. You can also stay at hotel...
4. President Ho Chi Minh Native Home
67
Historic Sites
It is far about 15 km from Vinh city. If you are interested in Vietnam, you will love this place. You can sightseeing...
5. Khe Lau Lake
16
Bodies of Water
By Z2086DQnh
Wonferful natural lake to walk around with a lovely swimming in warm water.
6. Dong Du Valley
7
Points of Interest & Landmarks • Battlefields
7. Quynh Nghia Beach
15
By BennyBic
We had a lively swimming in warm water and an amazing seafood lunch at local restaurant. Highly recommended
8. Pu Hoat Nature Reserve
6
Nature & Wildlife Areas
Staying one night at ethnic homestay and falling asleep to a chorus of wildlife along with swimming under a waterfall...
9. Dao Che Thanh Chuong
9
By 143benediktm
I recommend "Đảo Chè Thanh Chương - Điếu Cày Travel"
10. Pu Xai Lai Leng
4
Mountains
By MichaelYor
Have no complaint at all for the local team. Good jobs guy,, will be back to explore Western Nghe An next time with...
11. Khe Kem Waterfall
Waterfalls
Happy to get off the beaten tracks to be in lush nature and tropical rainforests. We're alone here and had a lovely...
12. Pu Huong Nature Reserve
5
Started our motorbike adventure from Dong Du Eco Farmstay to explore Western Nghe An. Pu Huong is still untouched by...
13. Sao Va Waterfall
3
Easy to visit on way up to Western Nghe An. This is a hidden gem to explore in far west of Dong Du valley
14. Thung Lung Hoa Phu Quy
Parks
Khe Lau Lake with charm and pristine beauty invites visitors to admire, discover. With the potential tourism, Khe Lau...
15. Quảng trường Hồ Chí Minh
1
16. Đền Thờ Vua Quang Trung
Religious Sites
17. Bay Tang Waterfalls
2
By 693dienne
Bay Tang is just a amazing place to relax, unwind and swim in it. Highly recommended
18. Đền Ông Hoàng Mười
19. Ho Cong Cave
Points of Interest & Landmarks • Caverns & Caves
20. Vinh Stadium
Arenas & Stadiums
21. The Local Pub
Bars & Clubs
By GrandTour775891
Best Bartenders in Vinh, they're so friendly and professional...services here are awesome with nice viewing, good...
22. Nam Viet Spa
8
Spas
Amazing service from beginning to end. We had a steam bath with local herbs followed by body massage with natural olds...
23. Vinh Guru Tours
73
City Tours • Motorcycle Tours
By berry64
In this way you really experience the unspoilt Vietnam and Vinh Guru really is the Guru to help you arranging it. Keep...
24. The Dawn Pub &Coffee Cua Lo
By louisbY9866MJ
This is a lovely bar in this charming little town with a large choice of drinks here. We ordered 2 mojitos which was...
25. Trung Tam Cham Soc Suc Khoe Xanh
Had an excellent spa here with herbal bath. We really enjoyed it with a steam bath. The staff are friendly and warm...
26. The Local Wine & Cocktail Bar
27. Ethnic Voyage
34
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
Our host and the homestay was amazing.
28. Mon Wines
Speciality & Gift Shops
29. DISCOVER PU MAT WITH CAPTAIN ANDY
Multi-day Tours • Private Tours
By sheilaw506
I had one day to spare in Vinh and my hotel suggested I contact Andy, as he spoke very good English and was very know...
30. Avino Wines
Showing results 1-30 of 33
What travelers are saying
Tony Lee
Hanoi, Vietnam13 contributions
10
Lovely Destination
Such a beautiful place ! So many amazing things to visit and experiences that were very memorable. Local foods were excellent and tasty. Dong Du village is an untouched place by tourists in Northern Center of Vietnam. Lets visit this village to see rural life !
Read more
Review of: Dong Du Village
Written June 23, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
Stunning flora and fauna
Had an amazing trip to Pumat natural park for 3 days for trekking and staying at local ethnic homestay which is unique and cozy. We falled in love with green tropical nature, biodiversity here with a lot of wild animals. We're almost alone during covid outbreak!
Review of: Pu Mat National Park
Written November 16, 2020
Anh Nguyen
Hanoi, Vietnam10 contributions
couldn't be ignored if you're in Nghe An pro
16km away from Vinh city. You can stay at Vinh city and arrive to Cua Lo beach in the afternoon by taxi or motorbike. You can also stay at hotel near the beach, showering, see the sunset and eat seafood. In the evening, there are some park with adventure game or tram booking for going around the town.
Review of: Cua Lo Beach
Written July 10, 2019
Good to know
As it was not that far from our homestay. So we decided to explore HCM homeland by motorbike. The driving along the way was scenic as we driven through the lush countryside and green rice fields. The visit was interesting, we learned a lot about HCM's life
Review of: President Ho Chi Minh Native Home
kevint61
Singapore, Singapore1,398 contributions
Beautiful natural lake in Dong Du Valley
Had a nice walking village tour to explore the rural life in Dong Du Valley. We spent time to enjoy swimming in warm and clear water of Khe Lau lake with nice views over the lush mountain and bamboo forests
Review of: Khe Lau Lake
Written October 30, 2023
Ben
58 contributions
Green valley
Amazing green valley to stroll around by bike or feet . We had a good time to interact with locals and witness the daily life of real farmers
Review of: Dong Du Valley
Written October 24, 2020
A ne pas manquer
Amazing beach that not very far from Dong Du Eco farmstay . We had a lively swimming in warm water and an amazing seafood lunch at local restaurant. Highly recommended
Review of: Quynh Nghia Beach
Written March 16, 2020
Very impressive nature reserve in Western Nghe An
Had a wonderful road trip to explore the Western Nghe An to get off the beaten tracks and go beyond the ordinary to get an excellent insight into local culture and traditions. The ethnic homestay was unique and authentic. Thanks Hoa for a warm care and welcome . Much appreciated and highly recommended
Review of: Pu Hoat Nature Reserve
Written October 29, 2023
Bene M
109 contributions
0
Beautiful
Very beautiful and peaceful area!
You should make a boattrip, its very impressive. Boattrips have reasonible price, food is delicious! I recommend "Đảo Chè Thanh Chương - Điếu Cày Travel"
Review of: Dao Che Thanh Chuong
Written March 17, 2023
CAPTAIN ANDY
Vinh, Vietnam3 contributions
Real Adventure
It was great experience with Ethnic Voyage ! Lot of up and down in Pu Xai Lai leng , pure fresh , eagles views , burn down tons of calories . Learn more about life of Jungle man . Will come back and explore Western Nghe An
Review of: Pu Xai Lai Leng
Written December 24, 2023
Amazing waterfalls
Happy to get off the beaten tracks to be in lush nature and tropical rainforests. We're alone here and had a lovely swim in Kèm waterfall. Highly reccomended this place if you travel between Phong Nha and Dong Du Farmstay
Review of: Khe Kem Waterfall
Written March 14, 2020
Had a wonderful ride loop
Started our motorbike adventure from Dong Du Eco Farmstay to explore Western Nghe An. Pu Huong is still untouched by mass tourism. We had a wonderful trekking through lush jungle and green rainforests and we loved our time at Ethnic homestay which was unique and unforgettable. Much appreciated
Review of: Pu Huong Nature Reserve
Written March 19, 2020
amazing nature
Amazing hidden gem located in western Nghe An. Ít's an amazing loop to explore from Ecco Dong Du Farmstay. don't Moss ít while driving long HCM road
Review of: Sao Va Waterfall
Written July 23, 2020
Tina Ng
Hanoi, Vietnam33 contributions
Stunning nature in Western Nghe An
Khe Lau Lake with charm and pristine beauty invites visitors to admire, discover. With the potential tourism, Khe Lau Lake will be the ideal stopover in the western Nghe An expedition of those who love the natural scenery, green farms, lush valley, rivers.
Review of: Thung Lung Hoa Phu Quy
Written June 12, 2020
Frequently Asked Questions about Nghe An Province
What are the top attractions to visit in Nghe An Province?
What are the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province?
What are the most popular things to do in Nghe An Province with kids?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
1.
Lee160977
2.
nguyent381
3.
aaanhnguyen
4.
5.
Z2086DQnh
Wonferful natural
lake
to walk around with a lovely swimming in warm water.
6.
7.
BennyBic
8.
Staying one night at ethnic
homestay
and falling asleep to a chorus of wildlife along with swimming under a waterfall...
9.
143benediktm
I recommend "Đảo Chè Thanh Chương - Điếu Cày
Travel
"
10.
MichaelYor
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
693dienne
18.
19.
20.
21.
GrandTour775891
22.
23.
berry64
24.
louisbY9866MJ
25.
26.
27.
Our host and the
was amazing.
28.
29.
sheilaw506
I had one day to spare in Vinh and my hotel suggested I contact
Andy
, as he spoke very good English and was very know...
30.
Hanoi, Vietnam
13 contributions
Miami, FL
381 contributions
10 contributions
Singapore, Singapore
1,398 contributions
Vinh, Vietnam
3 contributions
33 contributions
