Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
Reco Privacy and Cookies Statement
Effective: December 22, 2022

We know that sharing your personal information with us is based on trust. We take this seriously and are committed to ensuring that we respect your privacy when you visit our website, use our applications or use our services. Please review this statement (“Statement”) carefully to learn about our privacy practices.
We operate an online service that provides users with a platform for communicating with travel advisers (referred to in this Statement as “Trip Designers”) for itinerary and travel planning purposes. In this Statement, this online service is referred to as our “Services”.
Our Services are owned and operated by TAMG Ventures Co. By visiting our websites and related applications, whether on a computer, phone, tablet, or similar device (these are all referred to as a “Device”), you are accepting the practices described below.
As a global company, we operate in a number of countries and territories where the laws and customs differ. This Statement provides a general overview of our privacy practices; you may view certain country-specific information at the bottom of this Statement.
Information Collected
When you access or use our Services, we collect information from and about you to provide a more personalized and relevant experience. Some information we collect automatically. Other information we collect from different sources, including affiliated entities, business partners, and other independent third-party sources. When you use our Services by “clicking-through” from a third-party site or when you visit third-party sites via our Services, those third-party sites may share information with us about your use of their service. Information collected may include the following:
Contact information, including name, phone number and postal and email addresses
Billing or payment information (such as your credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, authentication code, and billing address)
Username and password
Photos, reviews, forum and social posts, and videos you may have provided to us
Geolocation information
Device information, such as when you accessed our Services and information about the Device used (for example, IP address, software or internet browser used, preferred languages, unique Device identifiers and advertising identifiers)
Online activity, including pages you have visited, content reviewed, and apps reviewed
Purchasing history
Information about your travel plans and preferences including your name, the country or countries visited, and information about your trip (such as whether you traveled solo or as part of a group). We may also collect information about your health (for example, if the Trip Designer needs to accommodate a disability) and diet (for example, if the Trip Designer needs to address dietary restrictions). In addition, we will maintain a record of the correspondence between you and the Trip Designer with respect the planning and/or booking of your trip.
Chat and communications with us and Trip Designers
If you want to work with us as a Trip Designer, we will collect information about you and your agency, including identification information of the agency contact persons, information regarding your travel agency licenses, information regarding your data management platform, and information necessary to process payments.
If you wish to interact with (also referred to in this Statement as “Engage”) a Trip Designer through our Services to plan or book a trip, our Services may allow or require you to submit information about others, including the names, email address, birthdates, and other information about your travel companions. By providing us with any of this information about another person, you are representing to us that you have obtained that person’s consent to giving us that information so that we can use it in accordance with this Statement.
If you Engage with a Trip Designer listed on our Services for itinerary planning purposes, or if you use our Services in connection with the purchase of travel insurance, we offer payment facilitation for same. Accordingly, we will collect applicable billing information from you, such as credit card or bank account information. This information may be collected by or through one of our third-party service providers.
If you participate in any interactive area of our Website, Platform and/or Services, such as by publishing a review of your trips or participating in a contest or promotion, we will collect any personal information that you include as a part of your participation. The specific information collected will depend on the nature of your participation and submission, but may include information such as your name, image, likeness, and voice. For example, when you post a review on our site, you will create a public profile, which will include your name (as you wish for it to be viewed by others), any profile picture you elect to include, and all of the information you choose to share about the trip you are reviewing.
A Special Note About User-Generated Information. If you use interactive features of the Website, Platform and/or Services that allow you to post content on the site, such as a trip review, that information will become public, and it will be able to be seen and republished by others for as long as the page remains active, and may be visible longer if pages are archived or cached. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to post in this manner. We encourage you to think carefully before posting anything in any public area of our Website, Platform and/or Services, and only to post information that you are certain you want to be accessible to everyone.
Aggregate Information
The Services may track the total number of visitors to our websites and related applications, the number of visitors to each page of our websites, browser type, IP addresses, external web sites linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personal information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Services, websites and related applications, track users' engagement and interaction, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.
Information Uses
We are committed to providing you with relevant content on our Services and respect the data privacy laws of the different jurisdictions which we operate in. We use information about you so we can help you enjoy and use our Services, including in the following ways:
Register and manage your account, including to allow you access to and use of our Services
Provide it to Trip Designers and facilitate your communications with Trip Designers and the creation of bookings
Provide it to third party payment processors for payment processing
Measure interest in and improve our Services
Notify you about special offers and products or services available from us, our affiliates, or our partners that may be of interest to you
Communicate with you
Enable communication between registered users and owners/representatives of listings on our Services
Enable us to publish your reviews, forum posts, photos, videos and other content
Customize your experience, including customizing the ads shown to you on our Services and across the internet
Make inferences about your interests or preferences
Provide you with an optimized experience and to group users of our Services based on, for example, usage and demographics
Send you survey or market research invitations
Respond to your questions and comments
Resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems
Prevent potentially prohibited or unlawful activities
Enforce our terms of use and notices; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection
Notifications about usage of the Services
Please note some information about you is required in order for us to provide you with relevant offerings and suggestions from Reco, Trip Designers, our affiliates, and our partners and to enable you to enjoy other benefits of being a registered user. Please review the “Information Choices” section below with respect to your choices related to the collection and use of your information.
Information Sharing
In order to provide some of our Services, we may need to share information with certain other third-parties, including our group of companies, in the following circumstances:
Our Group of Companies. We share information with companies in our corporate family so we can provide you with information about products and services, both travel-related and others, which might interest you. These companies and websites will comply with this Statement and all applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications.
Business Partners and Third-Party Vendors. We may share information about you, your Devices and your use of our Services with our trusted business partners. For example, when you submit a request to Engage a Trip Designer for travel planning and/or booking services through the Website, Platform and/or Services, we will provide personal information to that Trip Designer who will need to use that information to help you plan your trip and/or book your travel. This sharing is generally pursuant to written agreements which include confidentiality, privacy and security obligations; however, note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners. When you pay for certain travel planning services through the site, we will provide personal information to our service providers who assist us with processing and directing payments, refunding payments, and otherwise addressing inquiries relating to payments and refunds. Our current payment services provider is Stripe, and you can review their privacy policy https://stripe.com/privacy. If you use our Website, Platform and/or Services in connection with the purchase of travel insurance, we will provide personal information to our insurance partners, who need that information to issue and administer the requested policy. We will share your personal information with our other service providers who handle our data management and newsletter and email distribution, and who assist us with, co-sponsor, or otherwise participate in any surveys, contests, events, and promotions. We provide these service providers only with the information they need to perform their services, and work with them to respect and protect your privacy.
Social Media Sites. When you use our Services and elect to share information with third-party social media sites, the information you share will be governed by the privacy policies of those social media sites and the privacy settings you have set with those social media websites.
Advertising Networks. We sometimes collect and share information about your interests with advertising networks. To learn more, please click here.
Other third parties, such as referring websites. Third parties may also assist us in collecting information by, for example, operating features of our website or facilitating the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. We may share audience segments and other information with third parties that use that information for tailored advertising to you. We also share your personal data with third party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including business analytics, payment processing, customer service, marketing, public relations, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention
Suppliers. Some of the personal data we collect is shared with our Trip Designers who are directly involved in fulfilling the purchases or services you have made with us. We recommend that you review the Trip Designer’s privacy policy to determine how such service provider may use or disclose your personal data. Third parties may only collect or access information as needed to perform their permitted functions.
Certain Device operating system versions permit you to opt out of certain types of information sharing, including to certain advertising networks. Please check your Device settings if you want to limit such tracking.
Information Choices
You have options with respect to the collection and use of your information. As a user of the site, you can access and update your account by visiting the Member Profile page on our website at https://helloreco.com/account and/or via the related applications. In addition, you may close your account by emailing us your request at privacy@helloreco.com (please include the word “Unsubscribe” in the subject line of your email to ensure proper processing). As a Trip Designer, you can access and update your account by visiting the Trip Designer Profile page by navigating to https://tripdesigner.helloreco.com and clicking on the account holder’s profile link.
Your options:
You may choose the way you communicate with us via the Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, although it may be needed to take advantage of certain features offered on our Services (e.g., on the website or related applications)
If we enable geolocation services, you can prevent the collection of geolocation information via the options found on the website and/or the related applications), but note that turning off location sharing may affect certain features of the Services.
You can also request to add, update information, and close your account. If you request to close your account, we will deactivate your account and remove your profile information from active view. We may retain some information associated with your account (including past transactions) for internal purposes including backups, fraud prevention, dispute resolution, investigations, and legal compliance for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Statement.
You will be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from promotional messages, including emails with travel-related opportunities, in any such email we send.
Information Transfers
We are a global company and operate in many different jurisdictions. If we transfer your information to other countries, we will use and protect that information as described in this Statement and in accordance with applicable law.
Information Security
We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect your information.
We only authorize specific employees to access personal information and they may do so only for permitted business functions. We use encryption when transmitting your information between your system and ours, and between our system and those of the parties with whom we share information. We also employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized access to your information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of information from unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, or other circumstances outside of our control.
Information Retention
We will retain copies of your information for as long as you maintain your account or as necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Statement, unless applicable law requires a longer retention period. In addition, we may retain your information for the duration of any period necessary to establish, exercise or defend any legal rights.
Do Not Track Signals
Our website and related applications (e.g., mobile web) are not designed to currently respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signal requests from browsers. This is due to the lack of global standardized interpretation that defines “Do Not Track” signals. Once the industry has settled on standards related to this issue, we may re-evaluate this approach.
Cookies
We want your access to our Services to be as easy, efficient and useful as possible. To help us do this, we use cookies and similar technologies to improve your experience, to enhance site security and to show you relevant advertising.
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your Device when you visit almost any website. They are stored by your internet browser and contain basic information about your internet use. Your browser sends these cookies back to a website every time you revisit it, so it can recognize your Device and improve your experience by, among other things, providing you with personalized content. We also use cookies to remember your login details, so you don’t have to re-enter them repeatedly when you use our Services. Other cookies help us understand your preferences.
The cookies we use fall into three categories.
Essential
These cookies are necessary to help you access and move around the website and use all of its features. Without these cookies, the website would not work properly and you would not be able to use certain important features. For example, we use a cookie to keep you logged in during your visit, so the site does not require you to log in repeatedly to access different pages. We may also use essential cookies for fraud detection and prevention purposes.
You cannot turn off essential cookies as such cookies are necessary for you to access and use the features of the website.
Analytics and customization
We use these cookies and other similar tracking technologies to help us understand how the Services are being used and how we can improve your experience on it. These cookies can provide us with information to help us understand which parts of the Services interest our visitors and if they experience any errors. We use these cookies to test different designs and features for our Services and we also use them to help us monitor how visitors reach the Services.
We also use cookies to save your settings and preferences on the Services, such as language preference and information you've previously entered when searching for travel options. Some customization cookies are essential if you want to use certain features of the website.
Advertising
Advertising cookies help ensure that the advertisements you see are as relevant to you as possible. For example, some advertising cookies help select ads that are based on your interests. Others help prevent the same ad from continuously reappearing for you. We also use cookies to make it easy to share content from the website with your friends through your favorite social networks. Social media sites may set cookies that recognize you when you view content on the website and allow you to share content across both the website and the social media site via the use of sharing settings. For further details, please check your social media site’s terms of use and privacy policy. We also work with third-party advertisers to give you access to travel content that might be of interest and may set cookies on our Services to provide you with advertising that matches your interests and preferences. These "third-party cookies" collect information about your browsing behavior and interaction with ads or the Services more generally. This information also helps us limit the number of times you may see the same ads and improve your online experience.
Statement Changes and Notification
We may update this Statement in the future. If we believe any changes are material, we will let you know by doing one or more of the following: sending you a communication about the changes, placing a notice on the website and/or posting an updated Statement on the website. We will note at the top of this Statement when it was most recently updated. We encourage you to check back from time to time to review the most current version and to periodically review this Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns about this Statement or data processing, or would like to reach out to us, please access our dedicated privacy team at privacy@helloreco.com.
Europe
General Data Protection Regulation Privacy Statement (“GDPR Statement”)
This GDPR Statement applies to persons in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including those based in the United Kingdom. This GDPR Statement supplements our Statement; however, where the Statement conflicts with the GDPR Statement, the GDPR Statement will prevail as to persons in the EEA.
Controller of Personal Information
TAMG Ventures Co. is the data controller of personal information we collect, however, in accordance with applicable data privacy law, we have appointed a representative within the European Union and the United Kingdom.
Tripadvisor Ireland Limited
C/O Matheson
70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay
Dublin 2
D02 R296
Ireland
The contact details of our United Kingdom representative are:
Tripadvisor Limited
7 Soho Square
London
W1D 3QB
United Kingdom
Tripadvisor Ireland Limited and Tripadvisor Limited’s roles in this respect are limited solely to being a contact point for questions on data protection from European residents and data protection supervisory authorities. For the avoidance of doubt, neither Tripadvisor Ireland Limited nor Tripadvisor Limited can field other communications or legal process on behalf of TAMG Ventures Co.
Your rights under GDPR
You have certain rights regarding your personal data.
Your rights with respect to your own personal data include the following:
The right to request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
The right to request to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate. You may also supplement any incomplete personal data we have, taking into account the purposes of the processing.
The right to request deletion of your personal data if:
your personal data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we collected or processed them; or
you withdraw your consent if the processing of your personal data is based on consent and no other legal ground exists; or
you object to the processing of your personal data and we do not have an overriding legitimate ground for processing; or
your personal data is unlawfully processed; or
your personal data must be deleted for compliance with a legal obligation.
The right to object to the processing of your personal data. We will comply with your request, unless we have a compelling overriding legitimate interest for processing or we need to continue processing your personal data to establish, exercise or defend a legal claim.
The right to restrict the processing of personal data, if:
the accuracy of your personal data is contested by you, for the period in which we have to verify the accuracy of the personal data; or
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the deletion of your personal data and request restriction; or
we no longer need your personal data for the purposes of processing, but your personal data is required by you for legal claims; or
you have objected to the processing, for the period in which we have to verify overriding legitimate grounds.
The right to data portability. You may request that we send this personal data to a third-party, where feasible. You only have this right if it relates to personal data you have provided to us where the processing is based on consent or necessity for the performance of a contract between you and us, and the processing is conducted by automated means.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint before your national data protection authority.
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights described in this Statement). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. In an effort to speed up our response, we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request. You can exercise several of your rights through the personal information section of your account. To exercise your other rights you can contact our dedicated privacy team at privacy@helloreco.com.
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to.
Pursuant to GDPR, we will use your personal data in one or more of the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third-party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation
With your consent
International Transfers
Your personal data may be stored or transferred to countries outside the EEA for the purposes described in this Statement. When we store or transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we take the following precautions to ensure that your personal data is properly protected.
Whenever we store or transfer your personal data outside the EEA, we will do so in accordance with applicable law and we will ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by implementing appropriate safeguards. Transfers of personal data are made:
to a country recognized by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of protection; or
to a country which does not offer adequate protection but whose transfer has been governed by the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission or by implementing other appropriate cross-border transfer solutions to provide adequate protection.
By using the Services, you understand that your personal data may be transferred to our facilities and those third-parties with whom we share it as described in this Statement.
United States
Disclosures
In addition to the further details as described in the Statement, we make the following disclosures:
We may collect, disclose, and use the following categories of personal information for our business and commercial purposes: Identifiers/Contact Information, transactional information, commercial information, Internet or other electronic network activity information, geolocation, visual and audio information and inferences drawn from the above.
We may collect the following categories of sensitive personal information: government identification cards such as driver’s license; precise geolocation data.
We collect and use these categories of personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “Information Uses” section of this Statement.
We may disclose each of these categories of personal information for the commercial and business purposes described in this Statement to the extent permitted by applicable law to the categories of third parties as described in the “Information Sharing” section of this Statement.
We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in the “Information Collected” section of this Statement.
California Privacy Statement
This California Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to California laws. It applies to California residents and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights.
Your California Rights
California residents are permitted one time each year to request certain details about how their personal information is shared with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please submit a request, or write to us at the address listed below. Indicate in your letter that you are a California resident making a “Shine the Light” inquiry.
California residents may also take advantage of the following rights:
Access. You may request, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which we collected your personal information, our business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business purpose, the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing your personal information, if applicable.
Deletion. You may request that we delete your personal information that we maintain about you, subject to certain exceptions. As described in more detail in our Statement, there are some reasons for which we will not be able to fully address your deletion request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, or to comply with a legal obligation. You can also access, update, and remove your information by emailing us at privacy@helloreco.com.
Correction. You can request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Reco does not offer an opt-out from the sale of personal information because we do not engage in the sale or share of personal information as contemplated by the CPRA. As noted elsewhere in this disclosure, we share personal information with other our companies in our group and other third parties for a variety of reasons.
To take advantage of any of these rights, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@helloreco.com or writing to us at TAMG Ventures Co.: 400 1st Avenue, Needham, Massachusetts, 02494, USA. California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf. When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent. We may need to verify your identity or elements of the request to enable us to process your request. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity; these verification steps will vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. We may deny certain requests, or fulfil a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. For example, we may retain personal information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests. We value your privacy and will not discriminate against California residents in response to your exercise of privacy rights.
Multi-State Privacy Statement for Virginia, Connecticut, Colorado
This Multi-State Privacy Statement is provided pursuant to applicable state laws and applies to Virginia, Connecticut, and Colorado residents, and supplements our overall Statement with additional disclosures and rights.
If you are a resident of Virginia, Connecticut, or Colorado you may take advantage of the following rights in accordance with applicable law:
Confirmation/Access. You can request to confirm whether we process your personal information. Subject to certain exceptions, you can also request a copy of your personal information you provided to us.
Deletion. You can request that we delete personal information we have about you.
Correction. You can request that we correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you.
Opt Out of Sale. Reco does not offer an opt-out from the sale of personal information because we do not engage in the sale such information.
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising. We may display advertisements to you where the ad was selected based on personal information obtained from (or in some instances inferred) from your activities over time and across unaffiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests. To the extent permitted by law, you can request that we stop using your personal information for such targeted advertising by contacting us. Additionally, you can opt out of certain uses of cookies for advertising purposes by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices.
To take advantage of any of these rights, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@helloreco.com or in writing at TAMG Ventures Co.: 400 1st Avenue, Needham, Massachusetts, 02494, USA. Note that Connecticut and Colorado residents may designate an authorized agent to request on their behalf. We will take reasonable steps to authenticate your identity prior to responding to your requests. The authentication process will vary depending on the sensitivity of the personal information and whether you have an account with us. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to authenticate the identity of authorized agents and their authority to submit requests on your behalf.
Additionally, you can opt out of certain uses of cookies for advertising purposes by visiting www.aboutads.info/choices. For more information, please see the “Cookies” section above. Your opt-out of cookie-based tracking for advertising purposes is specific to the device, website, and browser you are using; it is deleted whenever you clear your cookies or your browser’s cache.
We may deny certain requests, or fulfil a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations. You have the right to submit an appeal if you are not satisfied with the outcome of your request by emailing us at privacy@helloreco.com.
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
Our Group of Companies.
These companies and websites
Business Partners and Third-Party Vendors.
https://stripe.com/privacy.
Social Media Sites.
Advertising Networks.
here.
Other third parties, such as referring websites.
Suppliers.
https://helloreco.com/account
privacy@helloreco.com
https://tripdesigner.helloreco.com
privacy@helloreco.com.
Access.
Deletion.
Correction.
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information.
Confirmation/Access.
Opt Out of Sale.
Opt Out of Targeted Advertising.
www.aboutads.info/choices.
