Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsCheap Hotels in Hai Phong
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Hai Phong
Cheap Hotels in Hai Phong
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Monkey Island Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
848 reviews
27.1 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
"The location of this resort can’t be beat. The view from our balcony was outstanding. The owner’s family were very sweet and eager to accommodate. Breakfast was consistently good. The only thing I was not..."
Ngoc Han Hotel
2 reviews
54.3 miles from Hai Phong
#43 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel is on the front on the quiet part of the town near the market so no noisey bars near by. We had a great view over the bay from our balcony Clean rooms with WiFi and air con. Great family run..."
City View Hotel Haiphong
1 review
In Hai Phong
#98 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I just needed a place to stay for one night before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds of..."
Matches:Cheap
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Phu Vinh Hotel
3 reviews
#96 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Good points: *Great hot shower *Friendly staff *Location is good as close to restaurants and coffee shops *Toiletries provided Average points: *Budget hotel but pricey as you can get much better quality in..."
"Having had a couple of days travelling round VN, I booked this hotel through Agoda, which had been problem free in Cat Ba and Hong Kong. On arrival, there was some confusion as the hotel had not had by reservation..."
Rose Hotel
8 reviews
#135 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"Made me pay 200,000 extra dong because I checked in at 3am. No water in room, dirty sheets.. No massage either when I asked... Basically a business trying to stay alive if you ask me. Very dirty and water dripping..."
"The room really, really didn't follow the photos...the gloss had definitely faded with the real thing. The room stunk of cigarettes, the fridge had mildew and some dark brown gunk spilt all over the inside....the..."
Duyen Hai Hotel Haiphong
#107 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"I came to Hai Phong in the night, let's step out the "scary people" who like to hit people. I came there, the receptionist was a little dissapointed because we have dealed with the owners the prices. It's just..."
"Hotel was clean but very very basic, the pros is that the room price is displayed to everybody on the counter (I got ripped off in the past). Internet reception is patchy but it makes a simple stay not too far from..."
Le Pont Hotel
100 reviews
#32 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"I had stay at this hôtel for 6 nights. The price for a room with a double bed and a twin bed was around 9$/ night. Breakfast included and cleaning of the room is done every day. Beds are comfortables and the room..."
"Per night rates here are so cheap that you can’t be surprised when the bathroom mirror is speckled with water drops and the taps aren’t completely clean. Beds and the rooms overall were clean. Hard beds, soft..."
Thu Ha Hotel
67 reviews
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#54 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The receptionist is very helpful and friendly . In Catba there are not much choice for us to choose the hotel . The room would be good enough if you just needed a space to sleep ,the receptionist also help us to..."
"We stayed here for 2 nights whilst seeing Cat Ba Island. The hotel is located centrally along the main strip which is perfect for walking to bars and restaurants. Having said that the breakfasts we had, which were..."
Hoang Ngoc Hotel
16 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#45 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"From Room 701 on the front we had an amazing view of the bay with moored fishing boats and floating restaurants and of course, the limestone karats. The elevator was swift and the hotel clean. Temperature control on..."
"Upon arriving in Cat Ba and staying at a different hostel, we quickly wanted to upgrade and stumbled upon the Hoang Ngoc Hotel. This place was a welcome relief, and we stayed the rest of our days there. The staff..."
Trang Anh Sea View Hotel
139 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#5 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We stay in cat ba 5 days in Trang Ang, and the owner was amazing ! The owner help us with everything. We was cold on the night and he provided us another blanket. He give us especial price for all the tour and..."
Quynh Trang Hotel
76 reviews
#19 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Great hotel. Large room with beautiful sea views. Clean rooms. Easy to get everywhere great location.The lady at the desk speaks English. She was so helpful when our bus back to Hanoi gave us the wrong time. She..."
"Positives: Large rooms, comfy beds, staff helpful but only one spoke English. Great value for money. Negatives: wifi on level 6 was all but useless. The toilet also leaked which made the whole bathroom floor wet. "
Cat Ba Hostel
187 reviews
#7 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Got a good price in the hostel when just walking in, gave a towel and set us up with a good boat tour for $13 which also picked us up from the hostel. Clean room with standard showers Pretty good area with walking..."
"Personel does not speal english very well, but wil try to do their best to help you. You can get a private room for two for only 9 dollars, almost as expensive as a dorm with 36 beds lower on the boulevard. You get..."
Cat Ba Sea View Hotel
133 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#25 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for one night before taking a dayboat cruise. It is a basic, family run place, very tired looking, in need of some TLC, right opposite the harbour. The window over-looking the harbour would not close..."
Phong Lan Hotel
75 reviews
#60 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 4 nights. The view was great and the balcony was a nice addition, the room was airy and light as it had so many windows. Beds and pillows were comfortable. This hotel is in the middle of the..."
"Across from the harbor with great views! SMALL balcony better than no balcony. Bigger than average room, fridge works fine. Typical bathroom with no shower stall and things get wet after a shower. $10 a night..."
Cat Ba Family Hotel
33 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#10 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Basic, but clean, quiet, and very good staff. Excellent value for what you pay. I would not hesitate to recommend. Good location as well - about a block up from the main strip. Close enough that it's a very..."
"Well located hotel and good value for money. It's a family run place with a very friendly vibe. The staff goes an extra mile to help out with all your bookings. The rooms are basic but clean and equipped all right. "
Hoang Gia Minh Hotel
10 reviews
#41 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"10USD per night for a clean room with aircon, fans and two double beds is not bad. Even had sea view. Pillows was extremely comfortable; mayby the best bed in Vietnam (on our trip) - not hard as another reviewer..."
"We stayed a couple of nights in Cat Ba and paid about $14 per night for a clean room with a hot shower and a comfortable bed which we thought was good value for the money. The place is fairly modern inside and it..."
Manh Vuong Hotel
5 reviews
#80 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Oringinally planned to stay on cat Ba island for two nights and our group stayed for three. Owner/manager at hotel was accommodating of our additional night. We needed to move from a sea view to a standard room for..."
"My friends and I were on a 2 night, 3 day tour of Halong bay which included a night on Cat Ba Island, this hotel was part of the tour package. For a budget hotel the rooms were quite ok, spacious and clean. The..."
Pineapple Hotel
65 reviews
#18 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Stayed at Pineapple hotel for 3 nights on April 15th-17th, 2017 (solo traveler). This hotel is perfect for budget-travelers who spend much of their day on tours and hanging around Cat Ba island. It is less suitable..."
"Great hostel to crash for a night or two considering how it's value for money. A stone's throw away from the main streets. Could get almost everything you need from the staff here - bike rental, booking of day tour..."
Hotel Phu Thanh
#17 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Very basic hotel with balconies that look out on the bay and helpful staff. There is an elevator which is great since we were on the 8th floor. There is no food offered, but there are restaurants and cafes close by..."
"Very well priced and we had a lovely view with small deck which was lovely to enjoy a cold beer on. Unfortunately the beds were super firm. Like sleeping on a plank of wood. But other than that it was well located..."
Vien Dong
27 reviews
#47 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"The hotel is fine and costed only 10 dollar per night. Big and clean rooms with a great view over Cat Ba harbour (including a balcony which we really enjoyed). The owner is a nice guy who is very flexibel. We stayed..."
"We (3 couples) spent there 2 nights. I really loved the location - we all lived in spacious rooms overlooking the harbour. Everything was quite plain but clean, and the manager was very friendly and helpful. And..."
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
#39 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at the..."
"I heard they have a big dorm room (16) that is usually empty so went there and shared it with two other girls. Really nice owner. Got towels. Beds are not that great but for cheap price, can't expect much. Shower..."
Thai Bao Hotel
158 reviews
#6 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"It's a good budget hotel. The harbor view from our 8th floor room was pretty nice and the room was fine. The bathroom wasn't great; poor shower pressure and quite small. On the last day we lost power and with it..."
"If it weren't for the construction it would've been perfect. Vic was upfront about things he had no control over, the construction, but it started about an hour earlier then he said. Fortunately we had no need to..."
Top Rated
Best Seller
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
588 reviews
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
2023
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
"We got here not knowing what 2 expect on Lunar New Year . city + hotel was very quiet Jeannie at the front desk was most helpful Arranged airport pick up , arranged my golf T off and welcomed us with a broad smile..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Mercure Hai Phong
224 reviews
#5 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Everything here is great for me. The staff and receptionists are very attentive and helpful, friendly and lovely. The hotel is very spacious and luxuriously beautiful. Inside the room is very comfortable and clean..."
Avani Hai Phong Harbour View Hotel
457 reviews
#8 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As usual, Avani Hai Phong is always my one & only choice in Hai Phong. I love the vintage vibe throughout the building which you can only find in this hotel. The room is very well maintained and cozy. The service..."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
Catba View Hotel
#2 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I stayed in 3 other hotels in Cat Ba before, Catba View by far is the best selection. Modern, comfortable, and good location. Most of all, the host and his family had gone above and beyond to make our stay..."
"We had a wonderful stay at Cat Ba view hotel. The staff is fantastic and very helpful. Great quality of food and the room is very clean. Great food selection at breakfast and all you can eat. The reception is..."
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh Province
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Pamplemousses District
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Family Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any cheap hotels in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which cheap hotels are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Hai Phong?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have rooms with great views?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong are romantic?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any cheap hotels in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Hai Phong have air conditioning?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
