Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Balconies
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Open-air room service, beautiful views, and starry nights included.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
95 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Balcony
Hotels & Motels
1. Furama Resort Danang
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
5,329 reviews
#1 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Room was spacious with a balcony overlooking the garden pool, all dark woods and a super king bed."
"The room view was also an open view of the pool, and it was great to have a beer with an open view on the terrace every night!"
2. Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
668 reviews
#2 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"My room has a bathtub really chill and private balcony."
"... quick with the check in so we can get to room early when we got in the room it so spacious with the balcony we booked a double bed it soft and comfi The TV in the hotel with netflix connection is a great thing..."
2023
3. Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
1,379 reviews
#3 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Only stayed one night in this lovely hotel , great staff , lovely location and has a bar and roof top pool , room was massive with a little balcony and great view of dragon bridge , I would highly recommend this h..."
"room design is beautiful, and the bathroom is comfortable with tub, room is big, our room comes with the balcony, view is awesome, recommend!"
4. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,820 reviews
#4 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Hotel rooms are very clean and tidy, breakfast food is very delicious, the sea view from the balcony is wonderful!"
"The best aspect of the room is the large balcony (its one of the rare hotels to have such a spacious balcony) which became our hangout on most evenings after returning tired from our excursions."
Visit hotel website
5. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
907 reviews
#5 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The rooms are beautiful with private balcony."
"Our room with sea facing balcony on the 12th floor gave us mesmerizing 180 degree views of the sunrise over the hills overlooking the ocean.The room was quite comfortable, with good air-conditioning, comfortable m..."
6. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
949 reviews
#6 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Our 2 bedroom suite had huge bedrooms, each with a private balcony, and a massive living room."
"Huge rooms and love the balconies facing the large pool and ocean The receptionist named Trucn was exceptionally great and made our stay that much better."
7. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
#7 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The accomodation is luxurious, spacious, has a large balcony, welcome bowl of flowers and fruit which was a nice touch."
"The service was impeccable, the rooms were clean and spacious, the spa and views from the balconies were stunning."
8. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#8 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Had tables, chairs and a lovely round sofa bed to laze on at the balcony! - So many lovely little cats around but they’re forever hungry! - The sea salt dark choc welcome cookies were BOMB! - Beautiful long stretc..."
"The location is outstanding and the service is second to none! Clean and roomy with a beautiful balcony facing the ocean!"
9. Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
#9 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Being the last high rise hotel in this line it has a strategic advantage of having both sea and city view (but only from corner room) Attached balcony provides a get place to sit and enjoy the view."
"Lovely stay, pretty balcony with efficient sunlight, thank you Yarra !"
10. Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
#10 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Also the balcony is very nice, just relaxing, looking at the sea while drinking a bottle of beer."
"Nice unit with a balcony and a sofa bed."
11. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,961 reviews
#11 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Yes, the room was spacious, spotless, beautifully designed, and with a very large balcony with two lounge chairs, but it was the immediate and lasting relationship that we developed with Nga that has been the high..."
"Hotel is at a very strategic location , incredible view from the room, spacious balcony to relax, very comfortable rooms sizes and everything 10/10."
12. HAIAN Riverfront Hotel Danang
817 reviews
#12 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"☑ Free high speed Wi-Fi ☑ Protip 💡 if you can see the dragon bridge from your balcony, you can see flames coming out of its mouth at night."
"Almost the rooms can see the Dragon bidge, especially from my room there is a small balcony with a tree, that make me feel my sight is from a small forest in the heart of city."
Top Rated
Best Seller
13. Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
#13 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"View from the balcony and rooftop swimming pool is to die for - I'm sure its the best view in entire Da Nang."
"Bonus of hotel is the balcony which many 5 star hotels don't have."
14. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,830 reviews
#14 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"They just need Somewhere to hang your swimmers after the pool on the balcony Thanks!"
"A nice balcony facing the Ocean was beautiful."
15. Premier Village Danang Resort - Managed by Accor
3,416 reviews
#15 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Each bedroom came with its own bathroom, the master bedroom was enormous with a private balcony over the yard."
"정말 아름다운 리조트였어요. 객실도 훌륭하고 조경도 매우 좋았습니다. 무엇보다 친절한 직원들도 인상적이었습니다. 특히 제가 묵었던 빌라 전담 버틀러 Jason의 최상의 서비스와 빠른 응답 덕분에 더 편하게 머무를 수 있었습니다. 가족들을 위한 최적의 호텔인 것 같습니다 It was a wonderful place to stay with my family. And all..."
16. Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#16 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"lol Thank You Dan Nang and Balcony it was such a great memories."
"Spend the little bit extra and get a sea facing room with balcony, where only the seagulls can see you."
17. Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
462 reviews
#17 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We have just experienced here for 3 nights, The room has balcony a bit small but very nice and clean, fully equipped in the room."
"We booked a Suite family city view room, my room has a very spacious balcony and clean."
18. Nesta Hotel - Da Nang
523 reviews
#18 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The hotel's amenities, including a rejuvenating spa and a balcony with breathtaking views, enhance the overall experience."
"We upgraded to a sea view with balcony and were so happy we did."
All Inclusive
19. A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
#19 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The hotel is located at the rightest location in Da Nang City, Plenty of street food stalls just at stone throw distance, Rooms with Ocean View Balcony are amazing, Breakfast is good and enough to choose from, Roo..."
"We booked a ocean view balcony room and the view was amazing."
20. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
#20 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We stayed at one of the four heavenly penthouse and it was truly amazing with wrap around balcony and private pool with views to die for as the resorts sit at the top of the mountain cliff."
"Although we had "only" booked a classic Panoramic ocean view room, it was fabulous - huge, with a very glamorous bathroom and a massive balcony with spectacular views across the bay and the South China Sea."
21. Da Nang Mikazuki Japanese Resorts & Spa
261 reviews
#21 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The quality of hotel is excellent, from Onsen to water park, the room is very clean, with an awesome view balcony."
"The room is top notch and very comfortable, clean and has a beautiful stone carved bathtub at the balcony."
22. Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
237 reviews
#22 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"One of the best queen beds and rooms with an excellent balcony and great service."
"The breakfast so wonderful, Spacious, comfortable room with balcony!"
23. Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
724 reviews
#23 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The Ocean Suite is an excellent option to book as it is spacious and can easily accommodate upto 3 people and has a private enclosed balcony aswell."
"Great view for sunrise infinity pool and on ocean view balcony."
24. voco Ma Belle Danang
201 reviews
#24 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Beautiful interior design, spacious room, nice shower, comfy bed Awesome sea view from the room, with balcony and a drying rack for our wet swim wear Rooftop infinity pool was amazing (lights changed colours at ni..."
"The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are beach front view from balconies you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi..."
25. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
#25 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"... thumbs up to the front desk and concierge team Rooms 5/5 We stayed in the pool and sea facing room with balcony..the room which have a woody oriental design vibe is very spacious and well taken care of..it com..."
"We were upgraded to a fabulous corner room with a huge bathroom and lovely balcony overlooking the garden and ocean."
26. Four Points by Sheraton Danang
714 reviews
#26 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Things we got impressed: Balcony in the room; Towel art (which is cake for my Mum's birthday) from the Housekeeping team; Clay handicraft welcome gift; Outstanding service & passionate staffs (especially Han from..."
"Good service quality, 5 star hotel 5 star service Friendly staff, especially Ms.Diem The bedroom is very clean, has a balcony and sea view The breakfast is great, the food is very fresh Worth experiencing!"
27. The Blossom Resort Island - All Inclusive
452 reviews
#27 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The little balcony in the room was great for chilling."
"Would highly recommend Rooms amazing bed so comfortable Restaurant/ pool / spotless and lovely Location the best Staff are the best so helpful greeted with friendly smile and we even got upgraded Massage wow to..."
28. Sel de Mer Hotel & Suites
96 reviews
#28 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The room was large clean and very comfortable with a beautiful balcony overlooking the beach."
"A sizeable room with wonderful views of the ocean from our balcony."
29. Olalani Resort & Condotel
88 reviews
#29 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We had a large and comfortable apartment with balcony overlooking the pools with views to the beach and ocean."
"We took a double room with balcony and ocean views."
30. Hilton Garden Inn Da Nang
89 reviews
#30 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The location is slightly off the main tourist area so that you can have an undisturbed panoramic My Khe bay view all to yourself(through your cute balcony)."
"We had a balcony with great view too."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Balconies
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Khao Lak
Just 80 kilometers north of Phuket, Khao Lak was essentially erased by the 2004 tsunami. But the town, and the tourist industry it relies on, has rebounded. It remains quieter than other coastal destinations, offering secluded beaches, tranquil nights and family-oriented activities. You want full moon parties and besotted nights? You’re out of luck. But if you’re looking for unparalleled scuba diving in the Similan Islands, you’ve hit the jackpot.
Genting Highlands
Breathe deep in Genting Highlands where, unlike nearby Kuala Lumpur, the air is fresh and clean. Aside from its resort life, visitors flock to hill station to enjoy cooler temperatures, mountain scenery, strawberry farms, and a relatively undisturbed, natural rain forest.
Port Dickson
Feast on seafood and relax on the stunning beaches of Port Dickson, just 90 kilometers from Kuala Lumpur.
Amed
This East Bali beach town is known for excellent SCUBA diving and snorkeling. New hotels are springing up on this coast, especially in Candidasa, a scenic 40-minute drive to its south. Amed is also a great place to admire Bali’s colorful outrigger boats.
Muscat Governorate
The Omani city of Muscat is predominantly populated by Islamic Arabs, though it also has a sizable, non-resident Indian population, further rounded out by American, British and Dutch citizens. Muscat is a tolerant and progressive city, where English speakers are relatively common. Arrange fares beforehand if seeing the city by taxi. To explore further, consider renting a car. Don't miss the imposing Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque, atmospheric Old Muttrah Souk, Al Alam Royal Palace or Al Jalali Fort.
Airlie Beach
The gateway to the Great Barrier Reef, Airlie Beach is the main hub for all Reef activities and access to the Whitsunday Islands. Stunning views by day give way to a vibrant nightlife. The Airlie Beach Lagoon is a popular spot to relax and unwind. Visit nearby Conway National Park and Cedar Creek Falls to discover quiet coves, beaches and tropical rainforest.
Pushkar
Troodos Mountains
Popular Da Nang Categories
Beach Resorts
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Balconies information
Hotels with Balconies Da Nang
95
Hotels with Balconies Prices From
$13
Hotels with Balconies Reviews
62,073
Hotels with Balconies Photos
72,334
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with balconies
What are the best hotels with balconies near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with balconies in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with balconies are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with balconies in Da Nang?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are good for families?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang allow pets?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
95 of 2601
Room was spacious with a balcony overlooking the garden pool, all dark woods and a super king bed.
Room was spacious with a
balcony overlooking the garden
pool, all dark woods and a super king bed.
The room view was also an open view of the pool, and it was great to have a beer with an open view on the terrace every night!
The room view was also an open view of the pool, and it was great to have a beer with an open view on the
terrace
every night!
My room has a bathtub really chill and private balcony.
My room has a bathtub really chill and
private balcony
.
... quick with the check in so we can get to room early when we got in the room it so spacious with the balcony we booked a double bed it soft and comfi The TV in the hotel with netflix connection is a great thing...
... quick with the check in so we can get to room early when we got in the room it so spacious with the
balcony
we booked a double bed it soft and comfi The TV in the hotel with netflix connection is a great thing...
Only stayed one night in this lovely hotel , great staff , lovely location and has a bar and roof top pool , room was massive with a little balcony and great view of dragon bridge , I would highly recommend this h...
Only stayed one night in this lovely hotel , great staff , lovely location and has a bar and roof top pool , room was massive with a little
balcony and great view
of dragon bridge , I would highly recommend this h...
room design is beautiful, and the bathroom is comfortable with tub, room is big, our room comes with the balcony, view is awesome, recommend!
room design is beautiful, and the bathroom is comfortable with tub, room is big, our room comes with the
, view is awesome, recommend!
Hotel rooms are very clean and tidy, breakfast food is very delicious, the sea view from the balcony is wonderful!
Hotel rooms are very clean and tidy, breakfast food is very delicious, the
sea view from the balcony
is wonderful!
The best aspect of the room is the large balcony (its one of the rare hotels to have such a spacious balcony) which became our hangout on most evenings after returning tired from our excursions.
The best aspect of the room is the
large balcony
(its one of the rare hotels to have such a spacious balcony) which became our hangout on most evenings after returning tired from our excursions.
The rooms are beautiful with private balcony.
The rooms are beautiful with
Our room with sea facing balcony on the 12th floor gave us mesmerizing 180 degree views of the sunrise over the hills overlooking the ocean.The room was quite comfortable, with good air-conditioning, comfortable m...
Our room with sea facing
on the 12th floor gave us mesmerizing 180 degree views of the sunrise over the hills overlooking the ocean.The room was quite comfortable, with good air-conditioning, comfortable m...
Our 2 bedroom suite had huge bedrooms, each with a private balcony, and a massive living room.
Our 2 bedroom suite had huge bedrooms, each with a
, and a massive living room.
Huge rooms and love the balconies facing the large pool and ocean The receptionist named Trucn was exceptionally great and made our stay that much better.
Huge rooms and love the
balconies facing the
large pool and ocean The receptionist named Trucn was exceptionally great and made our stay that much better.
The accomodation is luxurious, spacious, has a large balcony, welcome bowl of flowers and fruit which was a nice touch.
The accomodation is luxurious, spacious, has a
, welcome bowl of flowers and fruit which was a nice touch.
The service was impeccable, the rooms were clean and spacious, the spa and views from the balconies were stunning.
The service was impeccable, the rooms were clean and spacious, the spa and views from the
balconies
were stunning.
Had tables, chairs and a lovely round sofa bed to laze on at the balcony! - So many lovely little cats around but they’re forever hungry! - The sea salt dark choc welcome cookies were BOMB! - Beautiful long stretc...
Had tables, chairs and a lovely round sofa bed to laze on at the
! - So many lovely little cats around but they’re forever hungry! - The sea salt dark choc welcome cookies were BOMB! - Beautiful long stretc...
The location is outstanding and the service is second to none! Clean and roomy with a beautiful balcony facing the ocean!
The location is outstanding and the service is second to none! Clean and roomy with a
beautiful balcony
facing the ocean!
Being the last high rise hotel in this line it has a strategic advantage of having both sea and city view (but only from corner room) Attached balcony provides a get place to sit and enjoy the view.
Being the last high rise hotel in this line it has a strategic advantage of having both sea and city view (but only from corner room)
Attached balcony
provides a get place to sit and enjoy the view.
Lovely stay, pretty balcony with efficient sunlight, thank you Yarra !
Lovely stay, pretty
with efficient sunlight, thank you Yarra !
Also the balcony is very nice, just relaxing, looking at the sea while drinking a bottle of beer.
Also the
is very nice, just relaxing, looking at the sea while drinking a bottle of beer.
Nice unit with a balcony and a sofa bed.
Nice unit with a
and a sofa bed.
Yes, the room was spacious, spotless, beautifully designed, and with a very large balcony with two lounge chairs, but it was the immediate and lasting relationship that we developed with Nga that has been the high...
Yes, the room was spacious, spotless, beautifully designed, and with a very
large balcony with
two lounge chairs, but it was the immediate and lasting relationship that we developed with Nga that has been the high...
Hotel is at a very strategic location , incredible view from the room, spacious balcony to relax, very comfortable rooms sizes and everything 10/10.
Hotel is at a very strategic location , incredible view from the room,
spacious balcony
to relax, very comfortable rooms sizes and everything 10/10.
☑ Free high speed Wi-Fi ☑ Protip 💡 if you can see the dragon bridge from your balcony, you can see flames coming out of its mouth at night.
☑ Free high speed Wi-Fi ☑ Protip 💡 if you can see the dragon bridge from your
, you can see flames coming out of its mouth at night.
Almost the rooms can see the Dragon bidge, especially from my room there is a small balcony with a tree, that make me feel my sight is from a small forest in the heart of city.
Almost the rooms can see the Dragon bidge, especially from my room there is a
small balcony with
a tree, that make me feel my sight is from a small forest in the heart of city.
View from the balcony and rooftop swimming pool is to die for - I'm sure its the best view in entire Da Nang.
View from the balcony
and rooftop swimming pool is to die for - I'm sure its the best view in entire Da Nang.
Bonus of hotel is the balcony which many 5 star hotels don't have.
Bonus of hotel is the
which many 5 star hotels don't have.
They just need Somewhere to hang your swimmers after the pool on the balcony Thanks!
They just need Somewhere to hang your swimmers after the pool on the
Thanks!
A nice balcony facing the Ocean was beautiful.
A
nice balcony
facing the Ocean was beautiful.
Each bedroom came with its own bathroom, the master bedroom was enormous with a private balcony over the yard.
Each bedroom came with its own bathroom, the master bedroom was enormous with a
over the yard.
lol Thank You Dan Nang and Balcony it was such a great memories.
lol Thank You Dan Nang and
Balcony
it was such a great memories.
Spend the little bit extra and get a sea facing room with balcony, where only the seagulls can see you.
Spend the little bit extra and get a
sea facing room with balcony
, where only the seagulls can see you.
We have just experienced here for 3 nights, The room has balcony a bit small but very nice and clean, fully equipped in the room.
We have just experienced here for 3 nights, The room has
a bit small but very nice and clean, fully equipped in the room.
We booked a Suite family city view room, my room has a very spacious balcony and clean.
We booked a Suite family city view room, my room has a very
and clean.
The hotel's amenities, including a rejuvenating spa and a balcony with breathtaking views, enhance the overall experience.
The hotel's amenities, including a rejuvenating spa and a
with breathtaking views, enhance the overall experience.
We upgraded to a sea view with balcony and were so happy we did.
We upgraded to a sea view with
and were so happy we did.
The hotel is located at the rightest location in Da Nang City, Plenty of street food stalls just at stone throw distance, Rooms with Ocean View Balcony are amazing, Breakfast is good and enough to choose from, Roo...
The hotel is located at the rightest location in Da Nang City, Plenty of street food stalls just at stone throw distance, Rooms with Ocean View
are amazing, Breakfast is good and enough to choose from, Roo...
We booked a ocean view balcony room and the view was amazing.
We booked a
ocean view balcony room
and the view was amazing.
We stayed at one of the four heavenly penthouse and it was truly amazing with wrap around balcony and private pool with views to die for as the resorts sit at the top of the mountain cliff.
We stayed at one of the four heavenly penthouse and it was truly amazing with
wrap around balcony
and private pool with views to die for as the resorts sit at the top of the mountain cliff.
Although we had "only" booked a classic Panoramic ocean view room, it was fabulous - huge, with a very glamorous bathroom and a massive balcony with spectacular views across the bay and the South China Sea.
Although we had "only" booked a classic Panoramic ocean view room, it was fabulous - huge, with a very glamorous bathroom and a
massive balcony
with spectacular views across the bay and the South China Sea.
The quality of hotel is excellent, from Onsen to water park, the room is very clean, with an awesome view balcony.
The quality of hotel is excellent, from Onsen to water park, the room is very clean, with an awesome
view balcony
The room is top notch and very comfortable, clean and has a beautiful stone carved bathtub at the balcony.
The room is top notch and very comfortable, clean and has a beautiful stone carved bathtub at the
One of the best queen beds and rooms with an excellent balcony and great service.
One of the best queen beds and rooms with an
excellent balcony
and great service.
The breakfast so wonderful, Spacious, comfortable room with balcony!
The breakfast so wonderful, Spacious, comfortable room with
!
The Ocean Suite is an excellent option to book as it is spacious and can easily accommodate upto 3 people and has a private enclosed balcony aswell.
The Ocean Suite is an excellent option to book as it is spacious and can easily accommodate upto 3 people and has a private enclosed
aswell.
Great view for sunrise infinity pool and on ocean view balcony.
Great view for sunrise infinity pool and on
ocean view balcony
Beautiful interior design, spacious room, nice shower, comfy bed Awesome sea view from the room, with balcony and a drying rack for our wet swim wear Rooftop infinity pool was amazing (lights changed colours at ni...
Beautiful interior design, spacious room, nice shower, comfy bed Awesome sea view from the room, with
and a drying rack for our wet swim wear Rooftop infinity pool was amazing (lights changed colours at ni...
The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are beach front view from balconies you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi...
The location is centralize from all of the main attractions, all rooms are beach front view from
you can enjoy the morning sunset, this hotel is very new contemporary design seamlessly blends with classi...
... thumbs up to the front desk and concierge team Rooms 5/5 We stayed in the pool and sea facing room with balcony..the room which have a woody oriental design vibe is very spacious and well taken care of..it com...
... thumbs up to the front desk and concierge team Rooms 5/5 We stayed in the pool and
..the room which have a woody oriental design vibe is very spacious and well taken care of..it com...
We were upgraded to a fabulous corner room with a huge bathroom and lovely balcony overlooking the garden and ocean.
We were upgraded to a fabulous corner room with a huge bathroom and
lovely balcony overlooking the
garden and ocean.
Things we got impressed: Balcony in the room; Towel art (which is cake for my Mum's birthday) from the Housekeeping team; Clay handicraft welcome gift; Outstanding service & passionate staffs (especially Han from...
Things we got impressed:
in the room; Towel art (which is cake for my Mum's birthday) from the Housekeeping team; Clay handicraft welcome gift; Outstanding service & passionate staffs (especially Han from...
Good service quality, 5 star hotel 5 star service Friendly staff, especially Ms.Diem The bedroom is very clean, has a balcony and sea view The breakfast is great, the food is very fresh Worth experiencing!
Good service quality, 5 star hotel 5 star service Friendly staff, especially Ms.Diem The bedroom is very clean, has a
balcony and sea view
The breakfast is great, the food is very fresh Worth experiencing!
The little balcony in the room was great for chilling.
The little
in the room was great for chilling.
The room was large clean and very comfortable with a beautiful balcony overlooking the beach.
The room was large clean and very comfortable with a
beautiful balcony overlooking the
beach.
A sizeable room with wonderful views of the ocean from our balcony.
A sizeable room with wonderful views of the ocean from our
We had a large and comfortable apartment with balcony overlooking the pools with views to the beach and ocean.
We had a large and comfortable apartment with
balcony overlooking the pools
with views to the beach and ocean.
We took a double room with balcony and ocean views.
We took a
double room with balcony
and ocean views.
The location is slightly off the main tourist area so that you can have an undisturbed panoramic My Khe bay view all to yourself(through your cute balcony).
The location is slightly off the main tourist area so that you can have an undisturbed panoramic My Khe bay view all to yourself(through your cute
).
We had a balcony with great view too.
We had a
with great view too.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
