Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Bai Tu Long Bay, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
View map
Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay 008433 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Bai Tu Long Bay
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
793 of 1,929 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Bai Tu Long Bay

61. DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
115 reviews
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
3.6 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#61 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...”
Visit hotel website
62. Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
160 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#62 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...”
63. A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng | Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#63 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The massage was wonderful and just what I needed. My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was...”
64. Halong Palace Hotel
88 reviews
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#64 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.”
65. Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 80175, Vietnam
#65 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...”
66. Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
162 Halong Roa | Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.5 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#66 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...”
67. Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
20 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.7 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#67 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...”
68. Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Road | Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#68 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.”
69. New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong | Cai Dam, Halong Bay 0333, Vietnam
#69 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...”
70. Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam, Halong Bay 201310, Vietnam
#70 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…”
71. Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
Hoang Quoc Viet Street, Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
3.8 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#71 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.”
72. Bao Han Hotel
1 review
Phan Boi Chau, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#72 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…”
73. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
No. 47, Lot N8-1 | Cai Dam Urban Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#73 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...”
74. Seasun Hotel Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#74 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…”
75. SeaStar Hotel
9 reviews
Phan Chu Trinh Street | Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 13820, Vietnam
#75 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...”
76. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
43c Anh Dao | Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#76 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
77. Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
4.0 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#77 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...”
78. Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
Dong Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#78 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...”
79. White Crown Hotel
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#79 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...”
80. Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
Ha Long Rd, Halong Bay 2140, Vietnam
#80 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.”
81. Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
H_ Long Area 2, Halong Bay 01100, Vietnam
#81 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...”
82. Kenny Hotel
20 reviews
13, Block 8, Cai Dam, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#82 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…”
83. Bin Bop Hotel
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#83 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
84. Ngoc Mai Hotel
No. 122 Hau Can Street | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay 202400, Vietnam
3.9 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#84 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
85. Vuon Dao
5 reviews
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay, Halong Bay 8433, Vietnam
#85 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…”
86. Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#86 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…”
87. Sunlight Hotel
2 reviews
88 Hung Thang Tourist area | Bai Chay, Hung Thang, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#87 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...”
88. Lang Chai Hotel
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#88 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
89. Dai Thanh Hotel
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang, Ha Long, Vietnam
#89 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…”
90. Blue Sky Hotel
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#90 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...”
Previous
Next
123456…
793 of 1,929 properties
Clear all filters
A9 Lot 1 Ha Long Marine Boulevard
Halong Bay 20000,
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was
seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were...
160 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 200000,
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the
hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and...
H30-H33 Hu_ng Tha_ng
Bán đảo Số 2, Khu đô Thị và Dịch Vụ
Ha Long 200000,
The massage was wonderful and just what I needed. My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was...
The massage was wonderful and just what I needed.
My massage therapist, Thao, was amazing, but I'm sure they are all wonderful. It was clean and a lovely atmosphere. I would recommend to ask for Thao, she was...
1, Lot 20, Dong Hung Thang Tourist Area
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
We stay one night as group at this hotel,
location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team.
A 13, Block 1, East of Hung Thang 2
Halong Bay 80175,
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of
the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to...
162 Halong Roa
Bai Chay Beach
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely
staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to...
20 Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful
and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't...
Hoang Quoc Viet Road
Bai Chay
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
This hotel has seen better days... long time ago.
Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night.
Khu Dan Cu du L_ch Dong
Cai Dam
Halong Bay 0333,
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is
to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is...
No 3 Phan Boi Chau Cai Dam
Halong Bay 201310,
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa
before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good…
Hoang Quoc Viet Street
Hung Thang, Halong Bay 200000,
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean.
Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it.
Phan Boi Chau
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel
is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is…
No. 47, Lot N8-1
Cai Dam Urban Area
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was
perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The
showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
Phan Chu Trinh Street
Building 08 Sea Star Village Area Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay 13820,
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in
amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by...
43c Anh Dao
Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our
stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
Dong Hung Thang
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy –
‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this...
No 11, 17 Lane , Anh Dao Street
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience
the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore...
Ha Long Rd
Halong Bay 2140,
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures
I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here.
H_ Long Area 2
Halong Bay 01100,
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is
wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
13, Block 8, Cai Dam
Halong Bay,
This hotel is not so far with night market. The problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
This hotel is not so far with night market. The
problem is only one lift. Need to wait to go up and down. Internet wifi is very very slow. Breakfast is average too. Mattress is hard like a rock. Room facilities…
Group 10, Area 1, Tran Hung Dao, Hon Gai
No. 122 Hau Can Street
Halong Bay 202400,
Ha Long Rd., Bai Chay
Halong Bay 8433,
there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
there is not much to say about. we had cold
shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy…
East of Hung Thang Tourism Area
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel
agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room…
88 Hung Thang Tourist area
Hung Thang, Halong Bay,
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5
minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות...
C7- C12 Marina Urban, Dong Hung Thang
To 3A, Khu 1, Phuong Hung Thang
Ha Long,
Found it well out of the way for Halong trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
Found it well out of the way for Halong
trips/Marina No shops nothing in the middle of nowhere I’m not one for writing bad reviews but needs must Very basic room had no essential facilities for traveler as did…
3rd Plot Hung Thang, Bai Chay
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change
the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
