Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
Furama Villas Danang
1,133 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#25 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
107 Vo Nguyen Giap Street, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (918)
Traveler
(810)
Room & Suite
(148)
Pool & Beach
(113)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
5.0
Excellent
Location
4.9
Cleanliness
4.5
Service
Value
4.8
Travelers' Choice
The Furama Villas is a beautiful complex of two to four bedroom villas of Furama Resort Danang with private pools, fully equipped kitchen and luxurious beach access or in the plush gardens. The red-tiled roofs give the villas a distinctive Asian character influenced by the architectures of Champa, the royal temples and palace, while the lavish wood and marble interiors and state-of-the-art facilities help the guests enjoy the villas. Just 5-minute drive to Marble Mountain and a 20-minute drive to the UNESCO Heritage Site of Hoi An, Danang International Airport is a 15-minute drive away, you are able to enjoy many of the available services at Furama Resort Danang which includes two outdoor swimming pools, bars and lounges which open until 2.00am, luxurious restaurants offering Asian, Italian and Western cuisines, experienced and professional staff, a kids club with fun activities for children, a gym, spa facilities, billiards and tennis. We are sure that you and your friends or family will have a relaxing time at Furama Villas and Resort Danang!
Read more
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Free parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Free breakfast
Beach
Bicycle rental
Kids stay free
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Additional bathroom
Kitchenette
Cable / satellite TV
Extra long beds
Walk-in shower
Room types
Ocean view
Pool view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL CLASS
5.0 of 5 stars
HOTEL STYLE
Quaint
Romantic
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
English, French, Chinese, Finnish and 4 more
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Car recommended
Grade: 40 out of 100
40
Da Nang Airport
3.5 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
44.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
14 Restaurants
within 0.75 miles
View on map
Don Cipriani's
204
15 min
$$$$
Italian
Cafe Indochine
115
Seafood
Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang
42
11 min
Asian
Trung Nguyen Legend
3
6 min
$
Cafe
See all nearby restaurants
1 Attraction
Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store
4
Shopping Malls
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
Nestled in a serene setting, Furama Villas Danang emerges as a peaceful oasis, earning high marks for its tranquility from numerous guests. The resort's pools and villas are not only clean but exude luxury, with Butler Binh's attentive service receiving particular praise.

The charming room designs, coupled with spotless maintenance, enhance the overall comfort, making it a great value for travelers who also delight in the on-site spa and water sports. Butler Binh stands out as a gem, with his personalized care consistently mentioned as a highlight of the guest experience.
Atmosphere
Tranquil
Rooms
Comfortable
Incredible
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Luxurious
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,133
20
Q+A
87
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 995
Very Good 96
Average 17
Poor 11
Terrible 14
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,133)
Korean(527)
English(391)
Vietnamese(129)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsprivate poolmr hairuby villabuggy servicevilla resortbuggy carfamily triplotte martroom servicerecommend this resortnice viewbreakfast buffetthank you very muchstayed here for nightsdanang citybutlerfacilitiespoolshykindnessvietnamdung
Sort by:
Most Recent
Radhika J wrote a review Mar 3
3 contributions
NO SERVICES IN FURAMA… They charge you for room service
Been here for 2 days now Nobody responds on intercom Say they have no staff for room service!!! Intercom remains dead most of the time Only 1 buggey for villas so will take 1 hour to reach !!!!! Terrible services in Furama….. they charge you for availing room services in Villas… pls don’t book it EVER !!! Am lodging a formal complaint with Indian Embassy
Date of stay: March 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from Furama Villas Manager, Guest Services / Front Office at Furama Villas Danang
Responded 1 week ago
Dear guest, We hear you and will follow up on the matter. In the meantime we will ask Tripadvisor to remove your review as you are clearly breaking the rules of this portal. You are supposed to use social media responsibly and to give the management a fair chance to settle matters before posting. Posting a complaint without even asking for the management is in my understanding a basic rule of courtesy. I am looking forward meeting you personally The General Manager
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Biswajit T wrote a review Mar 2
2 contributions
TERRIBLE SERVICE !!!!
We checked in last night in villa....noone was there for welcome & we had to wait long at the reception for lack of buggey & lack of staff...!! Had to wait for luggage for check in for lack of staff... !! Noone to keep luggage in rooms for lack of staff... !!! We requested the buggey guy to keep the luggage but he said he is very busy because no staff !!!!! WHY IS THE PROPERTY CHARGING EXHORBITANTLY WHEN THEY HAVE NO STAFF & NO ONE ATTERR RECEPTION ??? Not worth a 5 Star property AT ALL 👎 Won't recommend the property to ANYONE visiting Da Nang from INDIA !!
1 Helpful vote
Dear guest Thank you for your feedback. I will personally look into the matter. In the meantime I have to say that I am shocked about the rude language you are using on a public visible social media. I also do not understand why you give for all our services including the property, the food and everything else a 1* star rating. All we do must be terrible as per your post. To be clear, I strongly believe into the right for the guest to highlight our shortcomings. At the same time I believe a guest shall remain polite and give a balance feedback. A 3* rating mentioning the good and the bad would be appropriate in my opinion. Furthermore, you are still in house – please feel free to personally meet me / ask for me. Just lacking out frustrations in rudeness and without talking is not what our guest usually do. The General Manager
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Naji H wrote a review Feb 2024
Geneva, Switzerland130 contributions
Excellent experience of Da Nang and the gracious Vietnamese people.
Superb facilities. Very clean and luxurious. Exceptional staff and beautiful grounds. The staff are very hard working and gracious. Food at the restaurant was excellent and breakfast included is a rare offering. It was a great experience and we will recommend to friends visiting Vietnam
Date of stay: February 2024
Dear cherished guest, Thank you for taking the time to share your glowing feedback with us! We are thrilled to hear that you had such a fantastic experience during your stay at Furama Villas in Da Nang. Your kind words about our facilities, cleanliness, and luxurious amenities truly warm our hearts. We strive to provide an exceptional experience for each of our guests, and it's wonderful to know that our efforts have made a positive impact on your visit. Your recommendation means the world to us, and we can't wait to welcome your friends to experience the beauty of Da Nang and the hospitality of Vietnam. Once again, thank you for choosing Furama Villas, and we hope to have the pleasure of hosting you again soon. Warmest regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Escape43173801529 wrote a review Feb 2024
Wonder of Danang
We did a mega 400 people conference at Furama & the stay was at villas. One of the best experience was to stay here & the hospitality by team Furama villas is next level. Special mention Mr. Parker & Mr sang. Not to be missed there dragon fruit welcome drink 🥤
Dear our valued guest, Thank you for sharing your feedback regarding your recent conference experience at Furama Villas. We are thrilled to hear that your mega-conference, was a success and that your stay at the villas was memorable. It's delightful to know that you found the hospitality provided by our team at Furama Villas to be exceptional. We truly strive to provide a next-level experience for all our guests, and it's rewarding to hear that we achieved this during your stay. Thank you once again for choosing Furama Villas for your conference. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back in the future for another memorable stay. Warm regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Pioneer59941324473 wrote a review Feb 2024
1 contribution
Good service
Furama villas are excellent. This is the first time I went there for bussiness with my team (CREDAI) . If you are considering to choose resort for you family, I will give an advice to choose Furama villas for your family's holiday. Butler Binh is nice and kind, he asked my experiences at Furama villas. Everything is great
Dear cherished guest, Thank you so much for your glowing review! We're thrilled to hear that you enjoyed the stunning scenery and found our resort especially suitable for team business meetings. We're delighted that you found our staff - Butler BINH is friendly and that you are considering choosing it for your family. Your recommendation means the world to us, and we truly appreciate your kind words. It was our pleasure to host you, and we hope to have the opportunity to welcome you back for another wonderful stay in the future. Warmest regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
GrandTour48223286021 wrote a review Feb 2024
Pune District, India1 contribution
Nice
Everything is very good for my team. The background of furama is natural with birds, trees and beaches. Buggy car is excellent. I will be back here many time in the future. Butler Binh and buggy driver helped me carry luggage to the third floor. They are nice and smile
Warmest greetings from Villas Da Nang, We wanted to express our gratitude for choosing our establishment and taking the time to share your feedback. Your satisfaction is of utmost importance to us, and we appreciate your honest input. We're happy to hear that Binh's assistance and buggy service contributed to making your stay enjoyable and hassle-free. We appreciate your appreciation for the natural scenery; maintaining green landscapes is always one of our daily priorities Thank you once again for choosing us, and we look forward to the opportunity to welcome you back, providing you with an even better experience. Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Krishnat K wrote a review Feb 2024
Furama villas
This is first time I went to Furama for stay and business . Everything is great. Furama staffs are excellent service. Buggy car is fast. The food is high-quality. I hope I will come back Furama with my family. The background of villas is stunning. Butler Binh is helpful.
Warmest greetings from Furama Villas Da Nang, Thank you for your wonderful feedback regarding your recent stay and business trip at Furama. We're thrilled to hear that you had a great experience and that our staff provided excellent service. We're glad you enjoyed the fast buggy car service, high-quality food, and stunning villa backgrounds. Butler Binh will be delighted to hear your kind words. We look forward to welcoming you and your family back to Furama in the future! Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Ravindra shanka... K wrote a review Feb 2024
Thanks to butler Binh
It was a great experience about each food , hospitality & caring of ours.... unbelievable...love Furama resorts & Furama staff....will see u soon. Buggy car is good service and took my family from the villa to ariyana. Butler Binh is nice and kind. He supported my family a lot
Xin chao from Furama Villas Da Nang, We wanted to express our deepest gratitude for your incredibly kind words and for taking the time to share your experience with us. It's wonderful to hear that our services, including the early arrival of the buggy and the proactive response of our staff, contributed to a hassle-free and enjoyable experience for you and your family. Thank you once again for choosing Furama for your family trip. We can't wait to welcome you back for more unforgettable moments in the future! Thank you and best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
vishwajeet k wrote a review Feb 2024
My excellent experience at villas
The furama villas is very good , my team stayed here 3 days l. I think that you should choose furama for your family's holiday. Buggy car is so fast. The room is so clean. Butler Binh helped my team a lot he took my team to ariyana everyday. Bye furama and see you soon
Dear cherished guest, Thank you for sharing your delightful experience with us! We're thrilled to hear that you enjoyed your stay in our Furama Villas. It's fantastic to hear that you found the buggy service to meet your expectations. Our staff members strive to provide exceptional service, and we're glad Binh made a positive impact on your stay. Once again, thank you for choosing us. We look forward to the pleasure of hosting you again in the future! Best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Rasik C wrote a review Feb 2024
Excellent experience of live here, we enjoyed.
Very nice experience, every thing is good like room, food services etc also well maintained property. Location is also ideal for our business conference because of adjoining to Ariyana convention centre. So overall very nice experience.
Dear our valued guest, Thank you very much for taking the time to share your wonderful experience with Furama Villas Da Nang. We are delighted to hear that you had an excellent stay and that you thoroughly enjoyed your time here. We are thrilled to know that you found everything, including the room, food services, and the overall property maintenance, to your satisfaction. Ensuring our guests' comfort and satisfaction is our top priority, and it's gratifying to receive such positive feedback. We strive to provide a seamless experience for all our guests, whether they are here for business or leisure. Once again, thank you for choosing to stay with us and for sharing your feedback. We hope to have the pleasure of welcoming you back soon! Best regards, Nguyen Van Thanh Villas Operation Manager
Previous
Next
123456…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$346 - $437 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
70
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
FURAMA VILLAS DANANG - Updated 2024 Prices & Hotel Reviews (Da Nang, Vietnam)
Frequently Asked Questions about Furama Villas Danang
Which popular attractions are close to Furama Villas Danang?
Nearby attractions include Lotte Duty Free Danang Downtown Store (0.5 miles).
See all nearby attractions.
What are some of the property amenities at Furama Villas Danang?
Some of the more popular amenities offered include free wifi, free breakfast, and a pool.
See all property amenities.
Which room amenities are available at Furama Villas Danang?
Top room amenities include a kitchenette, a minibar, and air conditioning.
See all room amenities.
What food & drink options are available at Furama Villas Danang?
Guests can enjoy free breakfast, an on-site restaurant, and a lounge during their stay.
Learn more.
Is parking available at Furama Villas Danang?
Yes, free parking is available to guests.
What are some restaurants close to Furama Villas Danang?
Conveniently located restaurants include Don Cipriani's, Cafe Indochine, and Danaksara Restaurant - Furama Villas Danang.
See all nearby restaurants.
Are there opportunities to exercise at Furama Villas Danang?
Yes, guests have access to a pool, a fitness center, and a sauna during their stay.
Does Furama Villas Danang have airport transportation?
Yes, Furama Villas Danang offers airport transportation for guests. We recommend calling ahead to confirm details.
Are any cleaning services offered at Furama Villas Danang?
Yes, dry cleaning and laundry service are offered to guests.
Does Furama Villas Danang offer any business services?
Yes, it conveniently offers a business center, meeting rooms, and a banquet room.
Which languages are spoken by the staff at Furama Villas Danang?
The staff speaks multiple languages, including English, French, German, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Korean.
Want more?
See more questions & answers about this hotel from the Tripadvisor community.
View all photos
(918)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
and 4 more
3.5
mi
44.6
15
min
11
6
995
96
17
14
All languages
(1,133)
Korean
(527)
English
(391)
Vietnamese
(129)
Radhika J
Date of stay:
transparency report
Biswajit T
2
Naji H
Geneva, Switzerland
130 contributions
130
Escape43173801529
Pioneer59941324473
1
GrandTour48223286021
Pune District, India
Krishnat K
Ravindra shanka... K
vishwajeet k
Rasik C
5
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
