Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
KiwiNZ_13
Auckland Region, New Zealand45 contributions
0
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Terrible Experience
Feb 2016 • Couples
So upset! Had the worst time! Be very very careful when you book this. We paid for 3 days, 2 nights. Told you get a welcome drink, arrive and spend one night at the hotel on Cat Ba Island and one night on the boat. Arrive and got no welcome drink (not a biggy) had to buy own drinks. Went to Cat Ba Island with a few others who booked the same package. No communication about anything. Got taken to nature park in morning. Man pointed to hill to climb then were on our own. Got picked up late and dropped back at hotel - had to find own way to beach (no communication or signs). Back to boat in afternoon - INFESTED with cockroaches. They were in our bags, on our bed. Tiny babies crawling on us so had to sleep at the table and not our room. Told the man and listened then walked away. NO SLEEP at all. Just moored and didnt go anywhere then back to Hanoi in the morning. Didn't see ANYTHING that was advertised in the book (shown all these islands we go to - one by China). Can't get a refund for such poor service but can recommend none of you do this package. WASTE of MONEY and very upsetting start to our Vietnam trip!! 100Nz dollars down the drain and the most expensive part of our whole 2month trip.
Written January 26, 2017
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
alikiwhitfield
Tamborine Mountain, Australia24 contributions
1
ENVIRONMENTAL DISASTER
Oct 2016
Halong Bay was something I built a lot of excitement over. However, the postcard perfect pictures should be retaken with the smog, vessel fumes & thin layer of oily pollution on the water.

It was so sad to see. The ocean has no sparkle left. There was 'western' rubbish floating in the water & it was packed to the gunnels with junk boats & shuttles all spewing grey diesel fumes.
The solitary fishing village is struggling to survive & there is very little bird life.
Swimming in the bay, we could taste the pollution on our lips & feel it on our skin.
For thousands of years Halong Bay was home to 3500 fishing families who were asked to leave & displaced in order to make way for tourism. Uneducated, many of them could not find jobs in the city. It ruined an ancient way of life... And ruined this natural wonder.
The limestone outcrops were still beautiful. But I left feeling sad. It's. 'world heritage listing' is an absolute farce.... as it won't be 'inherited' by anyone. It's ecosystem & majesty will be dead for future generations without dramatic/harsh change that sacrifices much of the tourists $
Written October 22, 2016
Rouge_fairy
Makati, Philippines578 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Beautiful place but rubbish everywhere
Aug 2016 • Couples
I didn't go in the water as you can see there's garbage floating pretty much everywhere. I didn't wanted to stay in the boat for 3 days so what we did is to check at cat ba island and did a full day tour instead. The cost is almost the same if you take the 3 days tour but I just didn't wanted to not have option about the food and I easily get motion sickness also so staying at cat ba was much better for me. We toured at Lan ha bay and monkey island and some kayaking. For the kayaking be careful, make sure your kayak is good. We passed by some guys and their kayak was broken so they had to swim back to our boat.
Written October 6, 2016
Roxanne L
Melbourne, Australia17 contributions
Beautiful but dirty. Don't swim!
Sep 2016 • Family
Just visited the bay on the Dragon Pearly (which was really good). Felt compelled to write about our experience. The bay and port look terrible. You instantly question the sustainability of the bay with so many tourists AND tankers around. I have also, while travelling inVietnam, been reading "Vietnam, Rising Dragon" by Bill Haystock. This prompted me to think about the health of the Bay, as the government is highly unlikely to make the environment a high priority over growth and employment. After more research I discovered in 2015 there were devastating floods in the area which caused the "local" coal mine to flood and the toxic wastes were sent flowing into the bay. There are lots of comments about sewage issues but I think his is the least of the concerns. The coal mine toxins are shocking poisons. My daughter swam in the Bay as the tour company didn't say there were any issues with water safety. It has only occurred to me now that my daughter smelled really bad later that evening. I now realise it was the water. Do not swim in the Bay. It still looks beautiful and once your away from the crowds it is very peaceful. But the government needs to implement some strategies urgently before it is lost forever.
Written September 30, 2016
An N
1 contribution
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Aug 2016 • Family
Extremely poluteted, they even made the restaurant in the cave. Cheated and trick people everywhere. Terible vacation
Written September 1, 2016
Hans
5 contributions
Cruising through fields of garbage and waste
The Ha Long bay starts to have a serious pollution problem. We were cruising, swimming and kayaking through large amounts of floating cans, plastic bags, foam, and other garbage. Get his environment cleaning program working otherwise this area will go towards a sad ending....
Written August 27, 2016
Leith P
Bundaberg51 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
The Pollution of Halong Bay
Apr 2016 • Couples
We were really looking forward to our two night cruise on Halong Bay and it did not disappoint. What was sooo disappointing and disgusting to see was the pollution. Debris floating everywhere in the water and each day hundreds of tourist boats releasing their raw sewerage into the Bay. The boat we were on was only four years old and it too dumped its waste into the Bay. Something needs to be done to improve this situation.
Written June 23, 2016
Garrett B
Oakland Park, FL33 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Breathtaking seascape with thousands of islets
Jun 2016
This season seems to have a few foreigners but I found many Vietnamese people go on holiday here. I spent daytime on a cruise before reaching Cat Ba island. The best way to explore your own pace at the Bay is to do Kayak. A must-visit when traveling the Northern Vietnam
Written June 21, 2016
Phan T
hanoi22 contributions
Is one of the most beautiful and impressive sights in Vietnam
Jun 2016 • Friends
I visit Minh Chau beach, Quang Ninh province, Situated 15 km from Quan Lan Beach, the famous Minh Chau Beach is proud of its white sand which do not stick to one’s foot. Visitors can go to the camping site there to stay overnight
Written June 10, 2016
SamRobertshaw
York, UK142 contributions
Stunning views but slightly ruined by horrendous customer service
Jun 2016 • Couples
The views are amazing don't get me wrong. Look at any photo and you'll see it is a beautiful place with stunning sights.
My negatives with this are very long though:
- Did not get the boat and package that I paid for
- Booked for 2 nights on 1 boat ended up switching to 3 boats over 2 days (not told about this)
- Horribly overpriced drinks
- Adamant guides on doing all the planned activities, even if you already said you didn't want to, or that you had done them already
- Lots of waiting around, doing nothing whilst waiting for boat transfers or other guests
- Incredibly busy, lucky to get a photo without another boat in it
- Staff and guides on all boats not very helpful with the problems nor did they care.
Those were some of the negatives bullet pointed, didn't want to spend too much time talking about it because pretty much every other person we met on this trip had the same stuff happen to them.
Customers just treated like cattle.
We came, we saw the bay, won't be back again.
Written June 4, 2016
…
45
46
47
Showing results 451-460 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Auckland Region, New Zealand
45 contributions
transparency report
Tamborine Mountain, Australia
24 contributions
Makati, Philippines
578 contributions
Melbourne, Australia
17 contributions
Bundaberg
51 contributions
Oakland Park, FL
33 contributions
hanoi
22 contributions
York, UK
142 contributions
