Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
Ha Long Backpacker Hostel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
3.4 miles from Halong Bay
Conek Tuan Chau
3.5 miles from Halong Bay
Missing:LuxuryBeachfrontResort
Ha Long Bay Hotel
69 reviews
In Halong Bay
#75 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel is 3 Star and it feels it. The pictures I post should be enough to show this. Friendly staff. Rooms are very basic but definitely ok for one night if on a budget and you can get a good deal here."
"We stayed here for one night and had a spacious room with 2 beds. It seemed very musty/damp. Generally looks outdated but AC was good. Washroom was good sized but dated. Shower worked oddly and didn’t stay hooked..."
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#30 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#85 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Sun Bay Hotel
24 reviews
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"Out of the way, room Smelt like cigarette smoke, no sound proofing at all and could here all the rooms around yours and people outside as well. The staff were friendly and as helpful but spoke no English at all and..."
"Everything was nice but can be improved. Good location is the best attribute of the hotel. Simple and functional hotel with a touch (or attempt) of class. Local food at breakfast. Rooms clean and functional."
Villa Gia An
2 reviews
#30 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I visited the hotell for one night together with my daughter. The hotell is very nice and clean. The best of all, we have never seen such a friendly service at a hotel before. We went back to Hanoi with a..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days over Christmas. The couple who run the hotel are so welcoming :) and cooked us lovely Vietnamese food on the balcony!!The rooms are spotless and stunning!Would highly..."
Matches:Luxury
Missing:BeachfrontResort
Royal Ha Long Hotel
6 reviews
#22 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but..."
"Royal Halong is a Taiwainese style hotel. The staffs are friendly and useful. The lobby is so large and beautiful. The rooms are clean, large and modern. There is an indoor swimming pool and a small apartment gym in..."
Song Loc Hotel
#54 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Local 4 star. In general, up to 4 star standard. The breakfast could be better especially provide more items for vegetarian. Suggest the egg station to be in the kitchen or open air area to avoid strong smell after..."
"Walk into the lobby and go wow. Even the room was modern, neat and tidy though the view poor. But it was the hotel restaurant that really let it down. Description on menu bore no correlation to food served. For..."
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#103 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
Vuon Dao
5 reviews
#89 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy about..."
"I visited Vietnam with my husband last month and we stayed at the Vuon Dao Hotel located in and around the Ha Long Bay. With quality accommodation at reasonable prices, we were able to enjoy an array of services..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
Luxury Hotel
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Thien Thach Hotel
11 reviews
#27 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This place was very clean and the room was very spacious, however, we have stayed in friendlier places in Vietnam. No one spoke English at this property so it was difficult to make ourselves understood but there was..."
"The owner of the hotel was very accommodating, he spoke pretty good English and offered us a motorbike hire for the afternoon & evening (150,000 VND) and he also organised us a private taxi from Halong City to..."
Hanoi Halong Hotel
1 review
#35 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
New Life Tower 16. 02
#59 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked a 3 bedroom apartment through Booking.com, the owners then cancelled the booking so we could not leave a review...a common scam I believe. If you want cheap and cheerful, then stay here. It worked out..."
Doan Trang Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Quite bad located it was difficult to find it. You will have to sweat and walk to the top of the main road and look for the hotel in a small secondary street. The Wi-Fi barely gives you a decent connection. Rooms..."
Sunlight Hotel
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Phoenix Hotel Ha Long
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great hotel with prime location, very closed to local market called “Cai Dam” with seafood & specialities. You can walk from the hotel to the beach. The hotel is clean, neat, staff is so friendly & well service..."
"I am not hesitative to rate 5 stars for Phoenix Hotel. I was recommended about Phoenix which is the newest and most amazing furnished hotel in Halong and my decision was right. My room was very clean and neat that..."
Ha Long Lily Homestay
#17 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor..."
Sun Hotel in Ha Long Bay
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"We planned to stay in Sun Hotel just one night however we extended our stay. Hotel is in European style, very clean modern and comfortable. Nice view to the Ha long bay from the big balcony. Variable local and..."
Hoang Lan Hotel
16 reviews
#65 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A basic hotel room in an area with local eating spots, tour offices and within walking distance of Dragon World. Sleeping area was clean, but bathroom badly needed attention. Mold around the sink and wall and old..."
"The rooms are decent size and have hot water and television. WiFi worked well and was surprisingly fast! Otherwise, this is a pretty average place. Staff are a bit cold and unfriendly. Price is about average for..."
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Victoria Hotel
#58 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"DO NOT STAY HERE, HIDDEN CAMERAS IN THE ROOMS. As we were checking out we caught a glimpse of the managers phone. He had multiple hidden cameras in our room including the bathroom. This place needs to be shut down."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Da Nang
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal. Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor. After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Read more
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
South Goa District
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
