Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Balconies
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Open-air room service, beautiful views, and starry nights included.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
95 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Balcony
Hotels & Motels
61. Luxtery Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
183 reviews
#61 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Thanh tam,nauyen diem kindness and good service.here have very kind person so we want to revisit here vietnem is so warm but this hotel serviece is so good and aircorn system is cold so we are so comfortable i want..."
62. Ponte Boutique Villa
37 reviews
#62 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"2. Get a well-maintained pool 3. The room is spacious with a tiny kitchen and a nice balcony."
"It was a good stay in Ponte Villa, the staffs speak little English but they are helpful, they even allow me to check in early, give us a list of restaurants in Danang. Room is spacious with lemongrass fragrant..."
63. Fansipan Danang Hotel
124 reviews
#63 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"I stayed here because the hotel is near the places for the conference. When i came to the hotel , it's about midnight and looks spooky because the lobby is so dark and the receptionist were sleeping in the sofa..."
"The location was noisy. Bike had no gradual ramp to access and had rough elevations. The car/bike park was smelly. Pool was nice, unheated and lacked ventilation. The hallways were excellent Room was amazing Windows..."
64. Shelter Stay Danang
2 reviews
#64 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"A nice place near the beach. Only 5 min walk to the beach and many grocery store near by. All staff is nice and provide extra services for our stay. You should try this once to explore the local. It may suitable for..."
65. Le Hoang Beach Hotel
766 reviews
#65 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Staff: helpfull and friendly Location: cleary and easey to go to Dragon bridge Room amenity: modern Directly sea view with balcony Breadfast was deliciuos."
"We loved the location of the hotel and the breathtaking views from the balcony."
66. Sofia Boutique Hotel Da Nang
1,002 reviews
#66 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"The room is big with a big balcony."
"Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd..."
67. Park Regis Cocobay Da Nang
17 reviews
#67 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Even if the place is still new, I love the class A accommodation they gave us during our stay. The room is very cosy and very clean. The management makes sure that your stay will be worth it. I surely recommend it..."
"Ms xuan, Hong, Tan and linh, Vu and anh(f+B) they Cer helpful and provide lots of useful information. They will transport and excursion to places like Bana Hill, city tour and HoiAn town. Good resort to come for..."
68. Green House Hotel
279 reviews
#68 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"We had a really nice experience at Green House hotel. We got a warm welcome from the manager from the first step we came to the lobby , she is so sweet and friendly. She spent a time to share us about Danang..."
69. Gold Plaza Hotel
1 review
#69 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
70. The Blossom House
76 reviews
#70 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Recently stayed for 3 nights . Pre arrival communication was very good. Upgraded to a larger room with small balcony with city view . The room was very nice with curved lcd tv etc and stylish decor . The staff were..."
"Great service from all the staffs! All staffs are friendly and helpful Rooms are big, comfort and clean and nice hot shower We got good free 40 mins massage for 2 persons as well. They have many free shutter..."
71. Phuoc My An Beach Hotel
8 reviews
#71 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Hotels in Vietnam don't weather well. Either from the climate, or poor initial construction, or poor preventive maintenance - it's better to choose a relatively new hotel. The Phuoc My An Beach Hotel was new..."
"The service was truly topnotch! We were celebrating my son's birthday and Miss Lau ordered a 9" cake from a bakery complete with candles. Then the staff sang and presented the cake to my son. He was super happy..."
72. The Fish Village Villa
13 reviews
#72 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the..."
"Outside the busy and noisy city, though easily reachable by taxi, the brand new hotel is the best you can expect from a family run hotel. Extremely clean & well furnished, it's ideal for those looking to relax..."
73. Jazz Hotel
214 reviews
#73 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Stayed for 3 nights in low season when there aren’t many crowds and the hotel was probably only half full and found the hotel itself very pleasant. Situated on the main road going towards to Lady Buddha you are..."
74. M Boutique Danang
23 reviews
#74 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Thạn you so much mboutique hotel. We enjoyed when stayed here. Everything was good and nice. Staff friendly and helpful, always asks me if I need anything,we felt like stay at home. I will back next year with big..."
"Stayed here for a short trip and everything was good. The decoration of this hotel made me so pleased and relaxed. Staffs were professional and friendly, breakfast was not variety but the omelette was good. I'll..."
75. VernalHome Boutique Danang
#75 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Beautiful place! The room we stayed at were really clean and spacious. The staff were super helpful and friendly. Great location - pretty close to the beach but still ensures a quiet stay if needed. There was also a..."
"New hotel with fantastic design. Friendly staff and very good service. Good location. It’s very close to the beautiful beach, only 12’ walking. Quiet place for rest. Price is reasonable. Will come back and stay..."
76. Mai Boutique Hotel
80 reviews
#76 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Brilliant staff, excellent location, room was quiet and very clean, great value for money. Thankyou to the girls at the front desk for being beautiful to us during our stay. The best English breakfast ever!! Highly..."
"This is a wonderful property with very helpful staff. I really felt like they went out of their way to make sure I was taken care of and my needs were met. The breakfast was nice and the room and bed were very..."
77. Tehana Beach Hotel Da Nang
#77 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
78. Monalisa Hotel & Apartment
#78 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Recommend Room 801 if possible, with balcony views of the sea."
"Google maps keeps bugging me to review this place… even in the middle of navigation, so let’s let it rip: Great little serviced apartment/hotel. A bit dated and requires a bit of maintenance but not bad. Stayed a..."
79. Flower Hotel
#79 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Matt ...hotel manager spoke good english. Gave us free room upgrade ..and was very good to deal with. The hotel is near some excellent vegan restaurants .. Near the beach.. And has a very good mini mart across the..."
"Everything was good! We rented motorbike at hotel, it was really good and safe. Staffs is so friendly and helpful, they always help us when we have any information, however their breakfast time finish early, only to..."
80. Suite De Ville Da Nang Beach
47 reviews
#80 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Huge room view of the sea Quieter road but close to cafes n restaurant Limited breakfast but still eggs made. I didn’t know we were close to Dragon bridge u til I’ve just read it now :( Best coffee of our..."
"Staff was professional and friendly. Hotel looked nice on outside but old on the inside and too dirty to stay at. We stayed in a deluxe room, Room is hot because the air conditioner is not well maintained. WC has a..."
81. Kaia Residence
5 reviews
#81 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Love this quiet and modern place . Waking distance to Han River , Starbucks , and lots of local shopping and restaurants. Room is spotless and cleaned. Our room looks directly to the Japanese style garden which..."
"If you are looking for American grade amenities while traveling to Da Nang, This place delivered. My wife and I have a beautiful stay here. the settings are quiet and family-oriented. The room is sparkling clean..."
82. OYO 122 GIC Land Hotel
3 reviews
#82 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"Everything is as describe.. the room is clean and big.. and the location is nice and it is worth the price.. there shops around too.. it is easy to locate a grab driver for pickup.. Thanks Chi Hang and Quyen.."
"Up on arriving at this hotel we felt very welcomed. We wasn’t sure how we was going to do everything we wanted to do and the best way to do it. We mentioned this when checking in and the manager Chris, could not..."
83. Tony Apartment
#83 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"SUPER - Definitely the best Apartment we got on our 7 weeks trip! It starts already with the Communication before arrival. Tony was very helpful and obliging. The communication was easy going as Tony speaks..."
84. Cozy Apartment
#84 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
85. Abogo
#85 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
"ABOGO TERRIBLE COMPANY THEY DONT REFUND MONEY FOR 30 DAYS BUT THEY TAKE IT IN 2 MINUTES I WILL NEVER USE THIS SERVICE AGAIN WAS USING FOR OVER 30 DAYS SPENT ALOT OF MONEY WITH THE COMPANY BUT NEVER AGAIN"
"The property was different from what was advertised. There were marks on the walls throughout, cracks in the walls, and multiple holes in the decking which was a safety hazard. The hotel management were very..."
86. Hummer Hotel & Apartment Da Nang Beach
0 reviews
#86 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
87. Ha Linh Apartment
#87 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
88. Babylon Garden Condotel
#88 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
89. Misa Apartment
#89 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
90. Emblem Sea Beach Front Villas
#90 Best Value of 95 Da Nang Hotels with Balconies
Popular destinations for Hotels with Balconies
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Khao Lak
Just 80 kilometers north of Phuket, Khao Lak was essentially erased by the 2004 tsunami. But the town, and the tourist industry it relies on, has rebounded. It remains quieter than other coastal destinations, offering secluded beaches, tranquil nights and family-oriented activities. You want full moon parties and besotted nights? You’re out of luck. But if you’re looking for unparalleled scuba diving in the Similan Islands, you’ve hit the jackpot.
Genting Highlands
Breathe deep in Genting Highlands where, unlike nearby Kuala Lumpur, the air is fresh and clean. Aside from its resort life, visitors flock to hill station to enjoy cooler temperatures, mountain scenery, strawberry farms, and a relatively undisturbed, natural rain forest.
Port Dickson
Feast on seafood and relax on the stunning beaches of Port Dickson, just 90 kilometers from Kuala Lumpur.
Amed
This East Bali beach town is known for excellent SCUBA diving and snorkeling. New hotels are springing up on this coast, especially in Candidasa, a scenic 40-minute drive to its south. Amed is also a great place to admire Bali’s colorful outrigger boats.
Muscat Governorate
The Omani city of Muscat is predominantly populated by Islamic Arabs, though it also has a sizable, non-resident Indian population, further rounded out by American, British and Dutch citizens. Muscat is a tolerant and progressive city, where English speakers are relatively common. Arrange fares beforehand if seeing the city by taxi. To explore further, consider renting a car. Don't miss the imposing Sultan Qaboos Grand Mosque, atmospheric Old Muttrah Souk, Al Alam Royal Palace or Al Jalali Fort.
Airlie Beach
The gateway to the Great Barrier Reef, Airlie Beach is the main hub for all Reef activities and access to the Whitsunday Islands. Stunning views by day give way to a vibrant nightlife. The Airlie Beach Lagoon is a popular spot to relax and unwind. Visit nearby Conway National Park and Cedar Creek Falls to discover quiet coves, beaches and tropical rainforest.
Pushkar
Troodos Mountains
Popular Da Nang Categories
Beach Resorts
Quiet Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with balconies
What are the best hotels with balconies near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with balconies in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with balconies are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with balconies in Da Nang?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang are good for families?
Which hotels with balconies in Da Nang allow pets?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
95 of 2601
2. Get a well-maintained pool 3. The room is spacious with a tiny kitchen and a nice balcony.
2. Get a well-maintained pool 3. The room is spacious with a tiny kitchen and a
nice balcony
.
Staff: helpfull and friendly Location: cleary and easey to go to Dragon bridge Room amenity: modern Directly sea view with balcony Breadfast was deliciuos.
Staff: helpfull and friendly Location: cleary and easey to go to Dragon bridge Room amenity: modern Directly sea view with
balcony
Breadfast was deliciuos.
We loved the location of the hotel and the breathtaking views from the balcony.
We loved the location of the hotel and the breathtaking views from the
The room is big with a big balcony.
The room is big with a
big balcony
Recommend Room 801 if possible, with balcony views of the sea.
Recommend Room 801 if possible, with
balcony views
of the sea.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
