Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Bai Tu Long Bay, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
View map
Hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay 008433 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Bai Tu Long Bay
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
793 of 1,929 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Bai Tu Long Bay

91. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
166 reviews
Ha Long Street | Block 1, Area 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
4.1 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#91 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...”
Top Rated
92. Hotel Soleil Ha Long, Trademark Collection by Wyndham
25 reviews
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street, Ha Long 20000, Vietnam
#92 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...”
93. Dragon Legend Hotel
4 reviews
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#93 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…”
94. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#94 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
95. Central Luxury Ha Long Hotel
9 reviews
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#95 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...”
96. Ivy Hotel
3 reviews
18, Ngo Dao, Ha Long 10000, Vietnam
#96 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
97. Vincent Halong Hotel
5 reviews
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long | Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
4.3 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#97 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...”
98. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
88A Vuon Dao, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#98 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...”
99. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#99 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…”
100. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
1 review
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#100 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...”
101. Halong Green Homestay
2 reviews
01 Vuon Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#101 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...”
102. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
46 Ha Long, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#102 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
103. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
4.2 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#103 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...”
104. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
62 Anh Dao T_ 8 | Khu 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#104 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...”
105. Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
No 10 Halong Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#105 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...”
106. Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
65 reviews
Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#106 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...”
107. Lake Hills Hotel Halong
1086 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
4.4 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#107 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
108. Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
290 Vuon Dao, Ha Long, Vietnam
4.5 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#108 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...”
109. Hera Hotel
36 reviews
No 10 Cao Dat Street, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Bai Tu Long Bay
#109 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...”
110. Ha Long 3 Hotel
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#110 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
111. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#111 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
112. Ngoc Lan Hotel
94 Cai Lan, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#112 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...”
113. The Marine Hotel
LV3-23, Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 20000, Vietnam
#113 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…”
114. Wyndham Legend Halong
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#114 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
115. Prosperity Hotel
79 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#115 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...”
116. Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
Hai Quan Crossroads | Vuon Dao - Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#116 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...”
117. Hai Anh VIP Halong Hotel
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#117 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
118. Halong Hidden Charm
Tuan Chau Island, Halong Bay 033, Vietnam
#118 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...”
119. Tung Luxury Hotel Ha Long
7 reviews
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long, Vietnam
#119 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…”
120. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#120 Best Value of 1,929 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
Previous
Next
123456…
793 of 1,929 properties
Clear all filters
Ha Long Street
Block 1, Area 2
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
Excellent location. You're in the center of town
and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street
Ha Long 20000,
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in
the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay
Ha Long 200000,
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The
staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
10 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
01 Block H29, Hung Thang Ward
Ha Long 01000,
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
The Hotel is great, luxurious and very clean and
comfortable. Good food and services. Perhaps for some far from overcrowded and far to noisy Ha Long central city, leisure parc’s and extreme noisy beaches. But...
18, Ngo Dao
Ha Long 10000,
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long
Phường Bãi Cháy
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff
was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
88A Vuon Dao
Halong Bay,
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be
any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay
in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 02033,
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night
stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
01 Vuon Dao
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
This place was tricky to find. You have to go
down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
46 Ha Long
Halong Bay 200000,
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
Hau Can Road
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you
really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
62 Anh Dao T_ 8
Khu 2
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033,
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and
helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
No 10 Halong Road
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted
Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Ward
Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...
Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am
but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...
1086 Ha Long
290 Vuon Dao
Ha Long,
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is
spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
No 10 Cao Dat Street
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this
hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a...
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
94 Cai Lan
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel
staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
LV3-23, Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 20000,
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and
comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in…
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
79 Ha Long
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and
already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
Hai Quan Crossroads
Vuon Dao - Bai Chay
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of
a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay
Tuan Chau Island
Halong Bay 033,
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
Yes, this place offers a great view but that's
the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make...
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple)
are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
