Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Ti Top Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Ti Top Island
View map
Hotels near Ti Top Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Ti Top Island
Popular
5 stars
12
70
Breakfast included
88
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+137
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
131
Pool
54
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
55
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
784 of 1,913 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Ti Top Island

Closest
1. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
130 reviews
| Viet Hai, Cat Hai, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Ti Top Island
#1 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...”
2. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang, Halong Bay 01108, Vietnam
6.3 miles from Ti Top Island
#2 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...”
3. Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
Building S2, Lot Hh05, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#3 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.”
4. Halios Hotel Halong
38 Nguyen Du, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
6.2 miles from Ti Top Island
#4 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...”
Highest-rated hotel within 6 miles of Ti Top Island
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Top Rated
5. The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
Duong 25/04 | Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
6.4 miles from Ti Top Island
#5 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...”
6. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#6 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
7. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…”
8. Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…”
Visit hotel website
9. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
T_ 65, Khu 5, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…”
10. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
6.7 miles from Ti Top Island
#10 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
11. Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
6.5 miles from Ti Top Island
#11 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…”
12. Harmony Halong Hotel
2 reviews
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4, Ha Long 02033, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...”
13. Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
No 9, Ha Long Street | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...”
14. Top One Halong Hotel
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...”
15. Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
6.0 miles from Ti Top Island
#15 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
16. Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
146 to Vinh Dien, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
17. Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza, Halong Bay, Vietnam
6.6 miles from Ti Top Island
#17 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…”
18. Halong Bai Tho Hotel
1 review
19-21 Lan Tuong, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
19. The Enchanted Hotel
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
20. Lantana Ha Long Hotel
E409, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...”
21. Savanna Hotel
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
22. Nin Boutique Hotel
7 reviews
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
6.8 miles from Ti Top Island
#22 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)”
23. Green Suites Hotel
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road, Ha Long, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
24. Ha Long Essence Classic Hotel
L_c V_ng 1, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...”
25. Seasun Hotel Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…”
26. La Dolce Vita Hotel
Loc Vung 1-15 | Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
27. Elysinam Boutique Hotel
10 reviews
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World, Ha Long 01100, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...”
28. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
5.9 miles from Ti Top Island
#28 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
29. Green Capital Hotel
No.38 Hai Truong | Hong Hai Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...”
30. Luxstay Hotel Ha Long
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 01110, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 1,913 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Ti Top Island information
Hotels Near Ti Top Island, Halong Bay
There are 1,340 Hotels close to Ti Top Island in Halong Bay
Hotels Near Ti Top Island Reviews
There are 20,338 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Ti Top Island Photos
There are 27,511 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
4.33 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Ti Top Island
Do any hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have a pool?
Popular hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay that have a pool include:
Citadines Marina Halong - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay?
Some of the best hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay are:
Paradise Suites Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay:
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay:
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay are romantic?
These hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay:
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Novotel Ha Long Bay - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Oakwood Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay are good for families?
Families traveling in Halong Bay enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Ti Top Island:
Do any hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay have a casino?
These hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay all have a casino:
Royal Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Ha Long Dream Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay allow pets?
These hotels near Ti Top Island in Halong Bay generally allow pets:
Merit Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Ti Top Island
784 of 1,913 properties
Clear all filters
Viet Hai, Cat Hai
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free
wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang
Halong Bay 01108,
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is
very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
Building S2, Lot Hh05
Ha Long 200000,
Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
Very good view, model equipment, large parking
garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
38 Nguyen Du
Ha Long 01000,
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely
clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
Highest-rated hotel
Duong 25/04
Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a
good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai
Halong Bay,
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is
excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the
first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
T_ 65, Khu 5
Halong Bay 200000,
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large
imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa
facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4
Ha Long 02033,
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and
supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
No 9, Ha Long Street
Bai Chay Ward
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most
amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party...
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in
Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
146 to Vinh Dien
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel.
They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
19-21 Lan Tuong
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village
E409, Sun Premier Village
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine.
The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673,
Lvl 1-28 Loc Vung 1, Sun Premier Village
The owners where nice friendly and helped with good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
The owners where nice friendly and helped with
good information to save money and get to the catba island. The coffee was good at the breakfast. The rooms where nice and tidy. Thanks for hosting us. :)
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road
Ha Long,
L_c V_ng 1
Ha Long 01100,
The hotel is very clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
The hotel is very clean and the staff are
friendly and helpful. The rooms are beautifully decorated with ensuite bathrooms. The hotel has a variety of Western and Vietnamese food. It is ideally situated near the...
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The
showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
Loc Vung 1-15
Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
E560 Sun Plaza Grand World
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
The hotel owners were so kind to let us have an
early check in after a long way on a bus from Ninh Binh. The hotel room wasn't very big but in general has a warm cozy atmosphere. A big thanks to receptionist who...
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
No.38 Hai Truong
Hong Hai Ward
We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
We booked one night in a two bed room with
windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward
Ha Long 01110,
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed.
The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
3
4
5
6
…
Citadines Marina Halong
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel
Paradise Suites Hotel
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Novotel Ha Long Bay
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Oakwood Ha Long
Royal Halong Hotel
Ha Long Dream Hotel
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
Merit Halong Hotel
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
