Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Quang Tri Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Tri ProvinceThings to Do in Quang Tri ProvinceOutdoor activities in Quang Tri Province
THE 5 BEST Quang Tri Province Outdoor Activities
Outdoor Activities in Quang Tri Province
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Show more
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Bike Tours
Eco Tours
Beaches
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
Popular Attractions
Khe Sanh Combat Base
Vinh Moc Tunnel
Local Tours ASIA
Authentic Hanoi Travel-In Hoi An
6 places sorted by featured
1. Full Day Tour (hue – Vinh Moc Tunnel – Khe Sanh –hue)
2
4WD Tours
6+ hours
Discover some of the places through which Vietnam remembers the Vietnam War on this historical tour from Huê. Instead of…
Free cancellation
from
$85
per adult
Reserve
2. DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Combat Base) Full Day Tour From Hue
5
Historical Tours
6–8 hours
This tour of Vietnam’s DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) takes you from Hue to the 17th parallel with a knowledgeable guide. Stop…
$140
3. Full Day Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
8–9 hours
$130
4. DMZ private tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base from Hue
Benefit from the ease of traveling with your own private guide on a full-day tour to the DMZ that divided North and South…
$125
5. Hue City to Vietnam DMZ Full Day Private Tour
7–8 hours
Discover some of the places through which Vietnam remembers the Vietnam War on this historical tour from Huế. Instead of…
6. Private DMZ Historic Tour
This is historic tour. Joining with us.you have chance to see historical bridge(Hien Luong ),Vinh Moc tunel. You have chance…
$195
Keep the fun going with other experiences in the area
Phong Nha Cave & Paradise Cave Small Group Tour: All Inclusive
16
Full-day Tours
Phong Nha Cave and Paradise Cave are the two most famous caves in Phong Nha–Ke Bang National Park, which was listed in UNESCO…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$69
Daily Tour to Paradise and Dark Cave
74
Adventure Tours
Vietnam’s UNESCO-listed Phong Nha-Ke Bang caves are a must-visit from Dong Hoi, but navigating the activities they offer…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$73
Phong Nha Cave & Paradise Cave Day Tour Small Group to Fairy Land
13
Bus Tours
1. Phong Nha cave and Paradise cave are the two most famous caves in Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park, a world heritage…
$75
Half- Dmz (demilitarized Zone) Tour From Hue
6
Hiking Tours
6 hours
“Vinh Moc (Vĩnh Mốc) is a tunnel complex in Quảng Trị, Vietnam. During the Vietnam War it was strategically located on the…
$59
2-day Amazing caves: Paradise cave - Dark Cave - Phong Nha cave
1–2 days
You have a chance to visit 3 famous caves in Phong Nha National Park within 2 days. *) Paradise cave: a stunning natural…
$126
TOUR TO THE CAVES - Paradise & Dark caves from Dong hoi city
68
Paradise Cave and Dark cave both are located in Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park that is full of the limestone mountains…
Transfer from Hue to Hoi An by Motorbike
3
1 day
On this full-day motorbike tour and transfer hybrid, explore some of the fabulous roads from Hue to Hoi An by motorbike. …
$67
Hue City Full Day Tour with Ancient Tombs and Conical Hat Village
1. The tour bring you a lot of famous sightseeing such as royal tombs, pagodas, romantic Perfume River, the busiest markets…
Sightseeing Travel Bus from Hue to Hoi An
Luxury Car Tours
3–4 hours
The itinerary is for tourists who have time to visit the most beautiful sights of Vietnam. On the way, your driver stops…
$12
Bach Ma National Park Trekking Day Tour
9–10 hours
Bach Ma National Park is an old French Hill station stretching out over some 40,000 unspoiled hectares. It has a diversity…
$49
Tour to the caves ONE DAY tour to Phong Nha and Paradise caves
30
Paradise Cave and Phong Nha cave are located in Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park which were formed by the karst terrain…
$62
Paradise Phong Nha caves from Dong hoi city
23
Paradise Cave and Phong Nha cave both are located in Phong Nha - Ke Bang National Park that is full of the limestone mountains…
Hue Food Tour At Night By Cyclo
8
3 hours
Hue was once the Capital of Vietnam and is now known as the Cultural Capital. Situated on the banks of the Perfume River…
$64
Phong Nha Paradise caves Daily Tour
65
Spend less time planning and more time exploring the otherworldly caves of Phong Nha-Ke Bang National Park on a stress-free…
Jungle Survival Tour - Return to Nature - Depart from Hue, Da Nang
1
3+ days
Wildlife exploration for nature lovers Meeting the man who could imitate the sound of over 100 species of bird Trekking…
$450
Admire Sunset or Sunrise in Hue
4 hours
Tam Giang Lagoon is a new destination in Hue city for travelers who appreciate fantastic natural scenes and love to find…
$80
Private Hue Rice and Rural Life Trip
This full-day tour also gives you a chance to visit Thanh Toan village which is famous for the tile-roofed bridge called…
$90
Hue Motorbike Tour Full Day
Experience a motorbike riding along the way to attractions that only locals know about them. Savor lunch at village.
$65
Phong Nha cave - Dark cave full day tour from Dong Hoi/Phong Nha
*) Explore two famous caves: Phong Nha Cave & Dark Cave *) Lots of fun activities like zipline, mud bathing, kayaking, …
$76
One Day caving and Trekking Phong Nha - Ke Bang
Shore Excursions
The Living Valley is part of the National Park and known for its many ancient trees, exotic flowers, unique plants and animals…
Taking safety measures
Frequently Asked Questions about Quang Tri Province
Which experiences are best for outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province?
What are the best places for outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province for groups?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province for travelers on a budget?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Quang Tri Province
Outdoor activities in Quang Tri Province
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
