Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
Vam Xang Rustic Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
14 reviews
In Can Tho
#13 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"I recently stayed with a family group of 7. The staff, surroundings and food were amazing. We did a couple of tours with Phuong and she was funny and very informative and wanted to know as much about us as we did..."
"Beautiful gardens and rooms; helpful staff; good food- nothing more to ask for. The staff organised everything for us including floating markets tour and onward transport. Such a pretty place to stay with flowers..."
Hometravel Mekong Can Tho Hostel
43 reviews
#6 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Excellent place to stay by Can Tho. A little away from the town so quiet and peaceful yet easy transportation to anywhere you'd like to go. Rooms were clean and comfortable. Our room had a great little balcony..."
"I stayed at Hometravel Mekong for 3 nights and was blown away by the beauty of the Homestay, the loveliness of the accommodation and the awesomeness of the food! It is located a few kilometers from Can Tho and..."
Nha Nghi Mua Xuan
0 reviews
Sunny Hostel
2 reviews
#45 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The room is very basic, the mattress being placed on a palette on the floor, not all the lights were working. Paint came off the wall at some spots and spider webs hanging from the ceiling. The bathroom was tiny but..."
"Before we booked at Sunny Hostel we were a little skeptical because we could not find any Tripadvisor reviews. However, the stay was absolutely worth it. We stayed here for 3 nights in which we extended our stay..."
Can Tho My Kim Mekong Hostel
#38 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Good Location City Center Hotel Near the river and night Market and Woman at Reception is very nice โรงแรมนี้อยู่ในย่านใจกลางเมืองสามารถเดินเที่ยวได้ เป็นโรงแรมเล็กๆ เหมาะสำหรับพวกแบ็คแพ็คเกอร..."
"The rooms at My Kim are great, as is the value: clean, fresh towels given, friendly staff. HOWEVER!!! BUY NO TOURS OR TICKETS HERE!!! I did indeed read of another person being over-charged.... the staff here is..."
Mai Trinh II Hotel
Loc Loc Phat Hotel
Homestay Ut Hoai Cai Son
1 review
#66 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Viva Motel
28 reviews
#83 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a basic room, just 1 towel for 2 guests, decent facilities, dirty blanket without bed sheet, until midnight loud music that forced us to stay awake although we had to wake up the next morning at 4 for the..."
"We had a beer here in the afternoon as it was blazing hot and we were thirsty. This was a quiet place at that time with only that us in and the Barman didn't seem that keen on having any customers. Eventually we got..."
Welkom Inn
#35 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Wonderful stay in this fabulous hostel/homestay. Husband and wife owners are present and totally hands on going over and aboard to make everyone feel comfortable and welcome. Particularly appreciated the generously..."
Thu Ngan Hotel
Land's Motel
Cu Lao Xanh Homestay
Villa My Long
58 reviews
#8 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We had two nights in villa my long which definitely was one of our highlights during our Vietnam trip. The staff is very polite and courteous, taking care of their guests and fulfill every wish... especially Jack..."
"Villa my Long is absolutely a great place to stay, Located in the Mekong Delta, it can only be reached by boat. This takes about 25 minutes from pick up point. The villa is managed by Jack, a very nice and talkative..."
GrillandChill Arthomestay
Mekong Backpacker Inn
4 reviews
#30 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Friendly staff. Location is not too far from the city center. Room size and amenities is good value for money. No TV (who needs it anyway?). Some things for improvement: 1. Electrical outlets are too high that..."
"We came short notice. Girlfriend got sick and the staff did everything in their power to help. Even drove her to a private hospital for some proper medication. Great location if your not lazy. Otherwise you shouldnt..."
Hoàng Sơn's Home
Hoang Mai Hotel
Sao Mai Thu Ha Hotel
Xuan Mai 1 Hotel
42 reviews
#85 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This very basic guesthouse is in an alley that houses a hardware market. The reception staff are civil but also quick to tout boat tours, bus tours, and anything else they can sell. Room was standard and clean..."
"I went there with my friend few days ago. We book a twin room. When we get there, they offered a room with broken door bathroom and no light in bathroom, so we needed to ask for another room better. Fortunately, the..."
Hotel 31B
31 reviews
#84 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The headline says it all. The rest is not good. Old, worn down, plenty of hair in the bathroom, tons of noise from inside the hotel - shouting, doors being slammed etc. however the location just can’t be beat. "
"Just for one night, in a room with window seeing to wall!!! Very old sheets, but clean. Bad sound isolation...or not existing. In a very good place, near to the river. Never again in this room (203)... And..."
Thanh Thuy 2 Hotel
Khoa Phu Hotel
#9 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This is a great little hotel set back from a main road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great..."
"Simple But Very clean hotel! For me the most important thing. The staff was Very friendly and spoke Very good english. We booked a boat trip at the hotel for the floating market On the mekong delta and we had such a..."
Hotel Ngoc Hien
2023
Ms. Ha Guesthouse
392 reviews
#2 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Ms Ha took good care of us and treated us like part of the family. We joined her morning boat tour to Mekong delta and experienced so many things that felt like a week of activities! She included everyone in the..."
Hien Guesthouse I & II
63 reviews
#21 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed at Hien guesthouse for two nights, because we wanted to visit the floating market. The owners were very friendly and organised a tour for us (for $20 dollar per person, which is cheaper than you get if you..."
"I stayed at hien guesthouse only for a night, but have I had more time, I would have stayed for longer to explore more this vibrate town. The guesthouse is super clean and the owner is very friendly. It's like..."
Phuong Quang Hotel
Nhat Hoang Thien
Phuc Cat Hotel Can Tho
Nha Nghi ABC
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
13
14
15
16
17
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
