How to spend the year-end holidays in Singapore
Singapore has plenty to do all year round, but if you’ve picked to visit during this time of year, you’re in for a treat. We’ve got you covered with these picks—from cultural celebrations and music festivals to art exhibitions, sporting events and foodie weekends. Good vibes and festive cheer guaranteed.
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayBudget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Cheap Things to Do in Halong Bay
Best Budget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Sights & Landmarks
Museums
Water & Amusement Parks
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
10 spots with the best views in Cancun
Here's where you can get the most beautiful scenic views in Cancun, including the best restaurants, hotels, beaches and attractions.
55 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Paradise Cruises
8,551
Boat Tours
By 936linhd
- Elegant crew team - Nice vibe in HaLong Bay - Chill music - Delicious food thank you khải Phạm very great
2. Oasis Bay Party Tours
631
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By R7634EJjackv
Best views of your life Great boat Great food Great staff Great drinks 3 hot tubs, make the most of that happy hour 😏.
2023
3. Authentic Sail - Luxury Small Group Day Tour
619
By Chriswaternz
Brilliant tour from Justin and the team, luxury bus and a cute boat, lots of interesting guides, lunch and kayaking.
4. Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
1,531
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By 88alwinl
Enjoy a wonderful cruise trip with awesome hospitality, especially with staff crew, Jason with his impeccable custome...
5. Doris Cruise
2,095
Multi-day Tours
By bunbuntan
There were many many fun and unique activities to do aboard Doris Cruise, such as kayaking, squid fishing, and explor...
6. Dora Cruise
1,146
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
By C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful cruise and...
7. La Regina Royal Cruises
756
Open now
By Voyager30746389869
Very Wonderful lovely Hospitality Very nice Ambience Good Food and above all Very good Staff Thank you Squid and Leo...
8. La Casta Regal Cruise
428
By emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun cooking class!!
9. Lavender Elegance Cruise
2,106
Boat Tours • Night Tours
By Scenic05866538834
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and delicious food, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel exci...
Your guide to an elevated Las Vegas bachelorette escape
Although Las Vegas has solidified its status as the ultimate bachelor party destination, the city also deserves a nod for its more sophisticated side that caters to ladies who prefer Champagne and caviar over jello shots. Whether you’re looking for a tranquil spa retreat, a world-class meal, or a first class bash, here is your guide to luxurious bachelorette experiences that still scream, “Vegas, baby!”
10. Novn Travel
209
City Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By melfen87
The detailed itinerary includes: the street food tour, Hanoi sightseeing tour (riding the cyclo), a trip to Ninh Binh.
11. L'Azalee Cruises
850
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By LouPascuzzi
This was an absolutely outstanding cruise!! Food great - great drink selection, great learnings from the Captain!
12. La Casta Cruise
454
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By rosz126
A magical way to cruise on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
13. Halong Diamond Cruises
219
By ashsurawin
With meticulous attention, she ensured seamless hotel pick-up and drop-off, along with a well-planned itinerary.
14. Heritage Cruises Binh Chuan Cat Ba Archipelago
350
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
By 62trainingb
Staff included Chris, Ngoc, Mira, Tan, Mac, Mimi, Nam, bartenders Jack, Daniel and Jim, chef Thuy and Con, and our gu...
15. Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
504
By 322Fushu
Halong is very beautiful, the cruise is big, but only a small group of guests, so the space is very large.
16. Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
281
City Tours • Cultural Tours
By isahores
The standard tour was really very good; our guide, Mr. Anh, was very knowledgeable and spoke very good Spanish making...
17. Halong Bay Trips
445
By gjamaieg
Kevil arranged an unforgettable Violet Cruise for us in Halong Bay.
18. Wego Halong Cruises
450
By moniquepT6594FW
Highly recommend for those traveling from Hanoi Old Quarter for a day trip to Halong Bay.
19. Sena Cruises
220
Taxis & Shuttles • Boat Tours
By 112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service Vegetarian food available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
20. Halong Cruise Tours
112
Boat Tours • Water Sports
By Perfumekisses
Neverbeen this place but noi for Sure As in good services. Thank all staff for a very good tim in hanoi
21. Halong Tour And Transport Service
102
City Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable day trip in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
22. Secret Halong Cruise
239
By 862kalinat
The boat is very nice and not too big ( just 20 guests in total), so it has a very nice atmosphere. We were also very...
23. Bai Tu Long Bay
961
Bodies of Water
By VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and beauty of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
See tours
24. La Paci Cruises
636
Boat Tours • Kayaking & Canoeing
By Cryptocy
Excellent little cruise to get away for a few nights. The staff was beyond pleasant. Thank you Sarah for helping me a...
25. Genesis The Luxury Cruises
1,069
By paulj
A fantastic experience , Sonny and the staff were fabulous hosts, making sure we enjoyed the cruise to the full.
26. Halong Apricot Cruise
1,939
By rumenav
Halong bay with Danny from apricot cruise. we really like the cruise services. Activity so funny and interested, It was...
27. Oriental Sails
1,806
By Camper35800189152
Food was superb and it kept coming .Even the light breakfast followed by a very generous brunch.
28. Alova Cruises
1,181
By av21
... a must to enjoy the tranquil paradise of Halong Bay food staff accommodation top class thank you Viet Nick Alex a...
29. Seasun Cruise
1,215
By ngothao_95
I had great trip in HALONG bay with my tourguide Jerry,boat is so nice, food very good, staff on boat very friendly...
30. Golden Bay Cruise
1,513
By mbanacki
Bobby - our tour guide made our day. He was absolutely great. Open and friendly person with excellent English. Thank...
1
2
Showing results 1-30 of 55
What travelers are saying
Amy P
17 contributions
0
Awesome crew and boat
Highly recommend this ship and cruise. Small ship (only 8 cabins) but they keep you entertained! There is a cooking class, squid fishing, royal dinner, excursions to a cave and river rafting or kayaking. The staff are amazing and the food is 5 star. If you are looking for an amazing cruise, this is it! Note: we did the one night cruise.
Read more
Review of: Paradise Cruises
Written March 2, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Lova
Stockholm, Sweden1 contribution
Very good trip!
Amazing service! So good food! Loved everything! Som much fun! Thank yo to Jerry and Thomas for the amazing service! ❤️❤️
Review of: Oasis Bay Party Tours
Written February 20, 2024
Shellz
21 contributions
Our Small Group Tour Felt like a Private Tour
We were keen to see Halong Bay but didn’t want an overnight tour or a long day tour.
This tour was perfect for us. We found it through Alex at Nom Nom travel, and even though we made a last minute decision to go, he took care of all the booking details at a great price.
The tour is worth the extra cost, over cheaper day tour options we saw, simply because you bypass all the long lines of the big group tours and skip past most of the souvenir shops. Our guide, Justin was friendly and helpful, happily answering our 100 questions. The boat itself comfortable and the crew of 3 did a great job, and we got to see a few spots the big boats don’t get into.
The lunch we were served on board was delicious, including fresh seafood and a big number of dishes. Only extras to pay for were drinks and tips (optional, but well deserved 😊).
We were picked up by limousine van at 8:45 and back at our hotel at 18:45 , so for us, this was a perfect day trip excursion. Just the right amount of time out on the water and no waiting around anywhere.
Review of: Authentic Sail - Luxury Small Group Day Tour
Written March 6, 2024
annaliza t
1 contribution
Amazing Ha Long Bay experience!
Ambassador Cruise great experience, Camille and Jad provided Gold standard customer service. We highly recommend this cruise! We choose the Western Style and it was a really good food. The Heritage experience is worth it! Will come back sooner.
Review of: Ambassador Cruise - Halong Bay
Written March 3, 2024
mehala m
Must try experience.
Was really a nice experience to be in the cruise. Had a good hospitality and kevin (a crew member) was very helpful and easy to approach.
Review of: Doris Cruise
Written March 8, 2024
Belinda D
2 contributions
Amazing experience! Wished we stayed longer
We had an amazing time. The staff were so lovely and helpful. Especially Linh Chi, she was very attentive in serving us and taking great group photos - we really appreciate it. Bruce Panda was very informative on our small boat rides to the cruise and activities.
Review of: Dora Cruise
Cindy F
Regina Clasic Cruise
Personal was very friendly (Mia and Luke were exceptional). The trip was good, activities were well organized and we enjoyed. Rooms are clean and beautiful.
Thank you.
Review of: La Regina Royal Cruises
Aditi Mitra
Kolkata (Calcutta), India9 contributions
Vietnam diary
Exotic cruise and a beautiful place to stay. Hallong Bay is itself a beautiful place with rich natural beauty. Cruise had made the trip even more exotic and luxurious.
Thanks to Travellia from CCU India, for arranging the same.
We stayed only for 1 night but atleast a 2night stay was required.
Food displayed was super tasty. Drinks served were also excellent.
Review of: La Casta Regal Cruise
Written January 9, 2024
Domenico Strianese
Exciting trip
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and delicious food, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel excited and healthy. Taichi master was excellent, fun and friendly. Thank you so much for the trip and the crew on board!
Review of: Lavender Elegance Cruise
Written September 3, 2023
Mellie
36 contributions
Memorable trip to Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang
This is my second time to Hanoi and i am so happy that Phong is my tour guide again! Our trip covers Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang. Phong swiftly arranged everything for our 7D6N stay. We did not have to worry about a thing.

We especially love the street food tour, learning more from Phong as he shares his knowledge/ Stories of Vietnam and local food over many tasty food enjoyed by the locals in hidden alleys and trying the egg coffee and also covering the tourist attractions like St.Jospeh's Cathedral.
The hotel we stayed in Old Quarters is in a good location and comfortable. In addition, prices are reasonable and fair. Everything he does is outstanding as he customised our needs and enquires to what i wants. Tour guides all combined to make this trip a very memorable and fun for our family.
We will definitely keep in touch with Phong and come back again.
Review of: Novn Travel
Written August 25, 2023
james w
8 contributions
Exceptional Lazalee Cruises - Haylong Bay
I just wanted to put into writing the marvellous experience I had with this company. Although it was just a day trip around Halong Bay, what a day. The boat was just the right size, the food was exceptional, but above all Ruby was the start of the show. I was the only English speaking passenger, but Ruby made me feel as I was the only passenger on board. She may be small in stature, but she is a giant when looking after he clients, what a wonderful advert for the company. Thank you so much Ruby!
Review of: L'Azalee Cruises
Ricky and Paula Tappenden
Kent, UK16 contributions
Paradise on La Casta Cruise
We were incredibly lucky to have the VIP suite on our trip. Our room included a whirlpool bath and our very own sauna.
The food was divine. Especially the evening meal, which was enjoyed with some wonderful cocktails.
We used our time to thoroughly relax on board, but others did go on the canoes and reported to have enjoyed their experience.
Review of: La Casta Cruise
Written February 29, 2024
quyen t
3 contributions
good experience
It was very good experience, all the staffs were very thoughtful, helpful and they explained the itinerary very clearly. Highly recommended.
Review of: Halong Diamond Cruises
Written March 7, 2024
Hường Hoàng
Hanoi, Vietnam1 contribution
Extraordinary experience
We had an extraordinary experience on Heritage Cruise for 2 days and 1 night. The foods are beautiful, especially the fusion and surprised birthday cake at dinner. We love the architecture of the cruise, which bases on the historical character. Regarding my boyfriend, as an architect, he felt so surprised the plan of the cruise.
We also had very unforgettable experience with the staffs here, especially the manager who looks like president Obama =))). Love to experience and meet all people here.
Review of: Heritage Cruises Binh Chuan Cat Ba Archipelago
Meander37727799905
Binh...the attractive, funny and helpful tour guide.
The tour guide Binh is very attractive, have a lot of knowledge about the area, very helpful. If we go to Halong Bay again, we will choose.him as our guide. Service is excellence.
Review of: Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
Written January 29, 2024
See Southwest Florida your way
Explore Fort Myers - Islands, Beaches and Neighborhoods
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Budget-Friendly Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
936linhd
-
Elegant
crew team - Nice vibe in HaLong Bay - Chill music - Delicious food thank you khải Phạm very great
2.
R7634EJjackv
Best views of your life Great boat
Great food
Great staff Great drinks 3 hot tubs, make the most of that happy hour 😏.
3.
Chriswaternz
Brilliant tour from Justin and the team,
luxury
bus and a cute boat, lots of interesting guides, lunch and kayaking.
4.
88alwinl
Enjoy a wonderful
cruise
trip with awesome hospitality, especially with staff crew, Jason with his impeccable custome...
5.
bunbuntan
There were many many fun and unique activities to do aboard Doris
Cruise
, such as kayaking, squid fishing, and explor...
6.
C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful
and...
7.
Voyager30746389869
Very Wonderful lovely
Hospitality
Very nice Ambience Good Food and above all Very good Staff Thank you Squid and Leo...
8.
emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun
cooking class
!!
9.
Scenic05866538834
We had a wonderful trip, beautiful scenery and
delicious food
, starting the day with teacher Taichi made us feel exci...
10.
melfen87
The detailed itinerary includes: the
street food tour
, Hanoi sightseeing tour (riding the cyclo), a trip to Ninh Binh.
11.
LouPascuzzi
This was an absolutely outstanding cruise!!
Food
great - great drink selection, great learnings from the Captain!
12.
rosz126
A magical way to
on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
13.
ashsurawin
With meticulous attention, she ensured seamless hotel pick-up and drop-off, along with a well-planned
itinerary
.
14.
62trainingb
Staff included Chris, Ngoc, Mira, Tan, Mac, Mimi, Nam, bartenders Jack, Daniel and Jim,
chef
Thuy and Con, and our gu...
15.
322Fushu
Halong is very beautiful, the
is big, but only a small group of guests, so the space is very large.
16.
isahores
The standard tour was really very good; our
guide
, Mr. Anh, was very knowledgeable and spoke very good Spanish making...
17.
gjamaieg
Kevil arranged an unforgettable Violet
for us in Halong Bay.
18.
moniquepT6594FW
Highly recommend for those traveling from Hanoi Old Quarter for a
day trip
to Halong Bay.
19.
112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service
Vegetarian food
available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
20.
Perfumekisses
21.
Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable
in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
22.
862kalinat
23.
VivienneC60
We are so lucky to be one of fews enjoying the serenity and
beauty
of scenery without the crowds like in Ha Long Bay.
24.
Cryptocy
25.
paulj
A fantastic experience , Sonny and the staff were fabulous hosts, making sure we enjoyed the
to the full.
26.
rumenav
27.
Camper35800189152
was superb and it kept coming .Even the light breakfast followed by a very generous brunch.
28.
av21
... a must to enjoy the tranquil paradise of Halong Bay
food
staff accommodation top class thank you Viet Nick Alex a...
29.
ngothao_95
30.
mbanacki
Stockholm, Sweden
Kolkata (Calcutta), India
9 contributions
Kent, UK
16 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
