Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayTransportation in Halong BayGroup Activities in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Large Group Activities & Things to Do
Best Group Activities in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Taxis & Shuttles
Traveler rating
Good for
Good for Big Groups
Good for Couples
Good for Kids
Budget-friendly
Show more
15 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
2023
1. Dora Cruise
1,146
Multi-day Tours • Canyoning & Rappelling Tours
By C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful cruise and...
2. M'Gloria Cruise
621
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
By 27juliav
Perfect wonderful cruise , ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
Recommended Big Group Experiences (195)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Recommended by 97% of travelers
Historical Tours
from $39 per adult
Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
Halong 6 hours boat tour from Hanoi All Inclusive
3
Full-day Tours
from $40 per adult
3. Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
432
Multi-day Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By Lisatje209734
Halong Bay is beautiful and this cruise makes sure you will enjoy your time while being amazed by the beauty of the s...
4. La Casta Cruise
454
Multi-day Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By rosz126
A magical way to cruise on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
5. Sena Cruises
220
Taxis & Shuttles • Boat Tours
By 112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service Vegetarian food available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
6. La Casta Regal Cruise
428
By emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun cooking class!!
7. Halong Transfer Service
45
By AJ2000-Sydney
... Mr Alex met us to take us back to the hotel and arranged a driver to transfer us to Hanoi next day by private car.
8. Halong Tour And Transport Service
102
City Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable day trip in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
9. Venus Halong Cruise
70
By Ashcmeh
Superb experience with venus cruise at halong bay....best hospitality and superb cuisine all throughout the day....be...
10. La Pandora cruise
55
By Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The cruise trip was well organised with lovely food and...
11. Ambassador Halong Cruise
35
By NorthStar807340
Great place, great food great staffs, and our staff Lisa is a great person to host us friendly and very thoughtful, t...
12. Indochine Premium Halong Bay
20
By K8944MYjacquelinef
Ship was amazing - spotlessly clean, delicious food and excellent activities.
13. La Casta Daily Cruise & La Casta Premier Cruise
28
Historical & Heritage Tours • Taxis & Shuttles
By DEdwards91
Wonderful cruise around Halong Bay with our very knowledgeable and helpful guide (Mr Duc), who took some of the best...
14. Dynasty Cruises Halong
66
Bar, Club & Pub Tours • Multi-day Tours
By Travellingfullys
The day trips were great and the food was delicious. Thoroughly enjoyed our cruise
15. La Pinta Cruises
341
By Elliemae1611
We had an excellent time on La Pinta Cruise, the activities we did were all really fun the food served was amazing and...
What travelers are saying
Belinda D
2 contributions
0
Amazing experience! Wished we stayed longer
We had an amazing time. The staff were so lovely and helpful. Especially Linh Chi, she was very attentive in serving us and taking great group photos - we really appreciate it. Bruce Panda was very informative on our small boat rides to the cruise and activities.
Read more
Review of: Dora Cruise
Written March 8, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Joyce N
1 contribution
Best Cruise
Went as a family vacation, the ship was up to date (clean and modern )everything was very organized. Our servers Yenly was very helpful anf her service was professional.
Will recommend to everyone.
Review of: M'Gloria Cruise
Riddhi P
Be with the best..😎
One of the bestest experience in Vietnam diaries..😎
The service in cruise was good...
Very nice co operative approach of manager..
Must visit..👍
Review of: Amanda Cruise Ha Long & Lan Ha Bay
Written January 16, 2024
Ricky and Paula Tappenden
Kent, UK16 contributions
Paradise on La Casta Cruise
We were incredibly lucky to have the VIP suite on our trip. Our room included a whirlpool bath and our very own sauna.

The food was divine. Especially the evening meal, which was enjoyed with some wonderful cocktails.
We used our time to thoroughly relax on board, but others did go on the canoes and reported to have enjoyed their experience.
Review of: La Casta Cruise
Written February 29, 2024
goglasgow
Glasgow, UK25 contributions
Lovely Experience.
You’ll need lots of storage for your photos, the scenery is quite spectacular.
The cruise staff and accommodation were outstanding, extremely friendly. The cabins are fabulous with little balconies.
The selection of food was also delicious. Drinks were charged separately and as you’d expect from any cruise were rather expensive.
I would recommend the 2 night cruise as on the 1 night cruise you do not board until the afternoon and then dock again the next morning.
Review of: Sena Cruises
Written January 25, 2024
Aditi Mitra
Kolkata (Calcutta), India9 contributions
Vietnam diary
Exotic cruise and a beautiful place to stay. Hallong Bay is itself a beautiful place with rich natural beauty. Cruise had made the trip even more exotic and luxurious.
Thanks to Travellia from CCU India, for arranging the same.
We stayed only for 1 night but atleast a 2night stay was required.
Food displayed was super tasty. Drinks served were also excellent.
Review of: La Casta Regal Cruise
Written January 9, 2024
Diana8990
Sydney, Australia57 contributions
1
Top class service & exceptional private chauffeur
We hired a vehicle and driver from this company for 3 days and 2 night. The customer service and communication was exceptional.
I took my mother back to her hometown in Mong Cai and we were allocated a driver name Mr Hoan. (110% recommend this man)
The car met us at Ha Long, where we were in full communication the whole time. We didn’t feel unsafe or misled in anyway. Mr Hoan drove my family and I all the way to Mong Cai. He made many pit stops for us as I was travelling with small children. He made us feel like we were all a family. Was not awkward at all, very professional and easy going. Amazing customer service. We felt great to have a driver take us everywhere. Very grateful for Mr Hoan for providing great service and was our personal chauffeur for the few days.
Review of: Halong Transfer Service
Written March 9, 2024
Gina
Outstanding tour and car tranfer service
All was perfect!the boat ,the staffs ,the tour guide and the lunch .Si ,the management was helpful and professional .he booked for us car tranfer to airport with good price .thank you Si and his team .
Review of: Halong Tour And Transport Service
Written February 21, 2024
Goutami P
WOW WOW WOW
WOW is the experience which you get on this cruise. You can never stop complementing the staff the food the ambience and what not.
They have made our stay memorable and will cherish it for life time.
Special thanks to Kenny , Harry , David , Vinnie and all the crew members. Will surely recommend it to everyone.
Review of: Venus Halong Cruise
Written March 5, 2024
Yee Kenneth S
Fantastic Team
The Halong Bay Tour is Amazing. But it won't be as Amazing as it supposed to be, if without the effort from Mr Hung and his team's extraordinary contributions. We all have an unforgettable memory tour in the bay, and we all enjoy the last day of 2023 and the first day of 2024, with all the champagne and firework in the boat. Definitely will return and come back to this Tour again.
Review of: La Pandora cruise
Written January 24, 2024
Escape43190344935
Ambassador cruise
Amazing cruise, we hope everyone know about Halong Bay, specical ambassador cruise, good service, good staff, thanks to Mr Hoang for your support us.
Review of: Ambassador Halong Cruise
Written January 18, 2024
Sej
8 contributions
Super impressed!
My entire family had an absolutely brilliant stay here. We were particularly impressed with the quality of service, the standard of rooms and the food. The staff really went out of their way to satisfy my vegetarian requirements, too.
The itinerary was also very good.
Upon arrival, we decided to upgrade to the president suite as it was available. Totally worth it!
As a family we are not keen on cruises but this certainly exceeded our expectations. Would we consider a family holiday on a cruise in the future? After this experience.... Possibly! 😁
Review of: Indochine Premium Halong Bay
Written December 16, 2023
Peter M
Hands down, a perfect day in Halong Bay
If you are in hanoi or halong bay you have to book a day with LA Casta. From start to finish, it's a perfect trip. The food, the views, the staff, the tourguides( Duk is the man!), all perfection. The only complaint I have is it had to end. I've worked in the boat related tourist industry for years, and these people are second to none.
Review of: La Casta Daily Cruise & La Casta Premier Cruise
Written January 19, 2024
Lunymar
Hanoi, Vietnam103 contributions
Wonderful overnight cruise
Earlier reviews of Ha Long Bay itself mention trash. I was very pleased to see barely any trash once we got away from the port area. Single-use plastics have been banned for some time now, which will have helped enormously.
Anyway, to our trip... from our pick-up at Hanoi Opera on an extremely comfortable minibus to when we were dropped back there the following day, we thoroughly enjoyed the whole experience.
The staff were excellent. The boat has 22 cabins and was full, I think. Each cabin has a private balcony, where you can sit and enjoy the views. There was a corner jacuzzi in our cabin, which would be nice if you go in winter.
There were only 5 Westerners onboard, but both the boat manager and assistant manager spoke very good English and made sure that all announcements were made in English as well as Vietnamese.
The other staff were also excellent and the service of a high standard. The food was good and plentiful - a bit too plentiful, actually. We felt guilty at having to leave so much of what was put on our table. An earlier review mentioned lack of drinking water. Perhaps that comment was acted on, as there was free drinking water with all meals, on the launch for trips off of the boat, and there to greet us when we returned from them.
The short trips off the boat are all worth doing as long as you know what to expect. The trip to Surprising Cave was our favourite. The cave is massive and the lighting shows off the features well. The kayaking is for only a short time around a small bay, which was crowded with other kayakers. The 'bamboo boat' option around the same small bay was not on bamboo boats, just large rowing boats. The swimming trip is to a small man-made beach, but it was lovely to get into the water to cool off.
My daughter enjoyed the karaoke in the evening, which had lots of Western songs to choose from. However, the best thing of all was sitting up on the top deck, sipping a G&T and watching the incredible sunset.
Review of: Dynasty Cruises Halong
Written August 1, 2020
Cris
5 contributions
Wonderful Trip
Took this cruise ship in Ha Long Bay for a one night cruise. Events were well-planned, food was amazing and creatively presented, and the crew were top-notch! Extremely comfortable beds and rooms. Highly recommend!!!
Review of: La Pinta Cruises
Written March 1, 2020
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Transportation in Halong Bay
Group Activities in Halong Bay
1.
C7437LUstanleym
Excellent service, Excellent hospitality, Beautiful place, I love it I will come back next time, beautiful
cruise
and...
2.
27juliav
Perfect wonderful
, ley vez, Service, Larry Wonderful, Places, de Star Was Absolutely Marvelous Spezialy Linh...
learn more
3.
Lisatje209734
Halong Bay is beautiful and this
makes sure you will enjoy your time while being amazed by the beauty of the s...
4.
rosz126
A magical way to
on halong bay Luxurious boat, magnificent scenery delicious top quality gourmet food & attent...
5.
112chayanb
Great experience Amazing food and service
Vegetarian food
available Sunday our guide was awesome Also great kayaking...
6.
emmakL2595YK
... best time with Lucky and his team, saw beautiful sights, ate great food, kayaked, swam and did a fun
cooking class
!!
7.
AJ2000-Sydney
... Mr Alex met us to take us back to the hotel and arranged a driver to transfer us to Hanoi next day by
private car
.
8.
Dermatologytraveller
An unforgettable
day trip
in beautiful Halong bay with a professional guide who answered all my questions and a great...
9.
Ashcmeh
Superb experience with venus cruise at halong bay....best
hospitality
and superb cuisine all throughout the day....be...
10.
Sherpa57608181876
Mr Victor has bee been excellent guide and extremely helpful.The cruise trip was well organised with lovely
food
11.
NorthStar807340
Great place, great
great staffs, and our staff Lisa is a great person to host us friendly and very thoughtful, t...
12.
K8944MYjacquelinef
Ship was amazing - spotlessly clean, delicious
and excellent activities.
13.
DEdwards91
Wonderful
around Halong Bay with our very knowledgeable and helpful guide (Mr Duc), who took some of the best...
14.
Travellingfullys
15.
Elliemae1611
Kent, UK
16 contributions
Glasgow, UK
25 contributions
Kolkata (Calcutta), India
9 contributions
Sydney, Australia
57 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
103 contributions
