Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsDowntown Can Tho Hotels
THE 10 BEST Can Tho City Center Hotels
Downtown Can Tho Hotels
Stay central to all the city's top sites and attractions.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
13 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
City Center
Best Seller
1. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
655 reviews
#1 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Great central location I stayed at TTC Can Tho for a night, really enjoyed its location in the city centre where everything is within walking distance."
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
2. West Hotel
522 reviews
#2 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
3. Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#3 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
4. Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#4 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
5. Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#5 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
6. Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#6 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
7. Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#7 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
8. Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#8 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
9. Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#9 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
10. Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#10 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
11. Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
#11 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always..."
12. Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#12 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
13. Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#13 Best Value of 13 Downtown Can Tho Hotels
"We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a rate..."
"Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank..."
Popular destinations for Downtown Hotels
Gangtok
The capital of the state of Sikkim, Gangtok is an attractive tourist destination, reflecting a unique ambience which derives from its happy blend of tradition and modernity. Alongside the deeply felt presence of stupas and monasteries, Gangtok also bustles like any other thriving town. Some of the key places to visit include Rumtek Monastery, Do-Drul Chorten, Enchey Monastery, Tashi View Point and the local bazaar, Lal Bazaar.
Read more
Mahabaleshwar
The city of Mahabaleshwar is a pinnacle of greenery, boasting one of the only evergreen forests in the world. The landscape abounds with lush hills, valleys and lookout points such as Lodwick Point, Arthur's Seat and Babington Point, all of which offer spectacular views. Trot along on horseback for a delightful four-legged tour of the gorgeous Venna Lake area, and savor juicy native strawberries, mulberries and corn.
Ulaanbaatar
Located in the northern part of the country, high above sea level, Ulan Bator is the coldest capital city in the world. The cultural and business center of Mongolia, and a hub connecting the Trans-Siberian Railway with the Chinese rail system, Ulan Bator has become a thriving urban center in one of the most remote locations in the world. Visit the Tibetan-style Gandan Monastery, one of the few buildings in Ulan Bator to predate WWII and one of the few monasteries to survive the Soviet purge.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Manama
Manama, capital of the island nation of Bahrain, is a major financial center with a thriving economy. A surplus of money has decorated the skyline with glass and steel spires, and plans for the tallest tower in the world. Although Bahrain is an Islamic country, alcohol is legal, and Manama has a thriving nightlife, with clubs and bars popular with visitors from all over the world. The narrow rows of stalls at the Bab el-Bahrain souk are famous for their vast array of perfumes, spices, and gold.
Olongapo
Naga
Bicol Region
Ernakulam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Cheap Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:City Center
Missing:Hotels & Motels
2023
Ms. Ha Guesthouse
392 reviews
In Can Tho
#2 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Ms Ha took good care of us and treated us like part of the family. We joined her morning boat tour to Mekong delta and experienced so many things that felt like a week of activities! She included everyone in the..."
Kim Long Hotel
349 reviews
#2 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was my second time staying at Kim Long Hotel. I came back with my family this time because Kim is very friendly, speaks good English, and arranges great private trips. The room was nice and clean with AC."
Kim Lan Hotel
374 reviews
#3 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Went here for a night, was good for that purpose. Good location and friendly service. We asked for twin beds and got it without a problem. There was no window in the regular room which was a bit tough but other than..."
Hau Giang 2 Hotel
138 reviews
#12 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Part of a Mekong Delta trip. Two star hotel with clean rooms. It's secure with bars on the windows. Bed is good comfortable and reasonably soft. View was mostly blocked by a brick wall but for one night no issue. A..."
Thanh Thuy Hotel
39 reviews
#8 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We've stayed in many small hotels in the Mekong and this is surprising to the up side. The rooms are clean and bright with fan, ac and wifi as well as a working small fridge. The beds, significantly, are softer that..."
"Nice clean room and good price. Great location if you're heading to floating market tour next morning, as the dock is just across the street. Helpful staff who works long hours. I wish they serve breakfast."
Hien Guesthouse I & II
63 reviews
#21 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed at Hien guesthouse for two nights, because we wanted to visit the floating market. The owners were very friendly and organised a tour for us (for $20 dollar per person, which is cheaper than you get if you..."
"I stayed at hien guesthouse only for a night, but have I had more time, I would have stayed for longer to explore more this vibrate town. The guesthouse is super clean and the owner is very friendly. It's like..."
Can Tho My Kim Mekong Hostel
14 reviews
#38 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Good Location City Center Hotel Near the river and night Market and Woman at Reception is very nice โรงแรมนี้อยู่ในย่านใจกลางเมืองสามารถเดินเที่ยวได้ เป็นโรงแรมเล็กๆ เหมาะสำหรับพวกแบ็คแพ็คเกอร..."
"The rooms at My Kim are great, as is the value: clean, fresh towels given, friendly staff. HOWEVER!!! BUY NO TOURS OR TICKETS HERE!!! I did indeed read of another person being over-charged.... the staff here is..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsCity Center
Hotel 31B
31 reviews
#84 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The headline says it all. The rest is not good. Old, worn down, plenty of hair in the bathroom, tons of noise from inside the hotel - shouting, doors being slammed etc. however the location just can’t be beat. "
"Just for one night, in a room with window seeing to wall!!! Very old sheets, but clean. Bad sound isolation...or not existing. In a very good place, near to the river. Never again in this room (203)... And..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:City Center
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Phuong Dong Hotel
#47 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window..."
"If you want a cheap room for the night then stay here, my room was neat and reasonably clean. Don't use the lifts to risky trust the stairs. All staff English is very poor or non existant. the restaurant menu..."
Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
#57 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay."
Thanh Tra Hotel
15 reviews
38.2 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tra Vinh
"a hotel which reminded usaf the Vietnamese tourist hotels of 20 years ago. the room at the front was very noisy, so we changed it to a room without windows in the back. the room was clean, the bathroom as well. But..."
"So by no means is this a four seasons... But our room was clean and the hotel is in a good location to walk around the town and explore. Very little English spoken, but enough to get us checked in and call us a..."
Cuu Long A Hotel
34 reviews
19.8 miles from Can Tho
#2 of 17 hotels in Vinh Long
"A old hotel, in the very center of Vinh Long town, with very basic sleep requirement. Not expect any relaxation, leisure while staying in the hotel. My riverview room - with a small window overlooking the Tien..."
"Recently stayed in Vinh Long for over a week for a study tour. For someone who is used to a little luxury, this hotel actually isn't too bad! Its clean enough, however as expected from a property like this, the..."
Top Rated
Hoa Binh 1 Hotel
57 reviews
34.3 miles from Can Tho
#1 of 12 hotels in Long Xuyen
"The breakfast is buffet at the last floor with a nice view. However it is mainly intended for Asian people, no selection for western-style breakfast. The personnel is very kind but they don't speak English very..."
"The rooms are fairly large. Hotel is central to town with football stadium next door so if you are lucky youcan watch a game from your room.The restuarant was reasonable and the buffet breakfast caters to Asian and..."
Viet Uc Hotel
94 reviews
42.2 miles from Can Tho
#6 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Normally I stay at the Ham Luong Hotel when I stay in BenTre, but this time we decided to try the Viet Uc hotel. The hotel itself us quite good, the room was a decent size and clean. The bathroom was clean but a..."
"Really enjoyed our stay at Viet Uc Hotel. The room was very clean, the beds were super comfortable and we had a great view over the river.... and it was walking distance to everything we wanted to do in Ben Tre..."
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Downtown Hotels information
Downtown Hotels Can Tho
13
Downtown Hotels Prices From
$16
Downtown Hotels Reviews
3,653
Downtown Hotels Photos
2,574
Frequently Asked Questions about downtown hotels
What are the best downtown hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho have a pool?
Which downtown hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best downtown hotels in Can Tho?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho are good for families?
Do any downtown hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which downtown hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
What are some popular downtown hotels in Can Tho with a 4 star rating?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
13 of 574
Great central location I stayed at TTC Can Tho for a night, really enjoyed its location in the city centre where everything is within walking distance.
Great central location I stayed at TTC Can Tho for a night, really enjoyed its location in the
city centre
where everything is within walking distance.
The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank.
The location is perfect, right in the
city center
, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
