Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with a View
THE 10 BEST Hotels with a View in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with a View
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Great View
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Great View
La Dolce Vita Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#29 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Savanna Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Van Hai Hotel
41 reviews
In Halong Bay
#77 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We have stayed 2 nights at this hotel last year We got the nice room, with the view to the colourful bridge. Price is reasonable with 30$ per night, breakfast is okay The staff is friendly, show us the way to go..."
"We arrived here very tired after long night of travelling and where greeted by two unfriendly guys at the check in counter. They also wanted to keep our passports for the time of our stay, saying it was the law in..."
Bin Bop Hotel
#78 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Crown Hotel
20 reviews
#79 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The hotel seems big and grand but nothing like that inside. We travelled in December and so, it was so cold. The heater did not work proerly and chilling at night. The breakfast was not ready upon check out at like..."
"We stayed as part of a group after a predicted typhoon meant we could not stay on a boat on Halong Bay. The bathroom was very tired, and need fixing. The toilet had not been cleaned properly. One of our fellow..."
Sunlight Hotel
2 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Very nice hotel, located near the Bay Area and 5 minted walk from the night market Lovely and big rooms , the price is very low in compare to what you are getting for it Very good service , clean מלון נוח, שירות..."
"Fair considering this is a 3 star hotel. Provides reasonable breakfast- continental and Asian."
Halong Green Homestay
#31 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been..."
"Upon finding the homestay you are greeted by an amazing collection of Bonsai trees and clean walkways. From that moment the host made sure to make us feel right at home. The rooms are clean, the bathroom was..."
Ngoc Mai Hotel
#82 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Au Lac Resort
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We stayed here one night before cruising Halong Bay, due to the rain the room we stayed in was humid and cold, but the location and the resort grounds are breathtaking. Our room was in villa #3, 1st floor and had a..."
"We stayed here for a night (room 8607). It is a resort hotel on the island of Tuan Chau which is 12 km from Halong bay and is accessed by a causeway. Our room was in villa 8 directly up the hill from reception and..."
Ha Long 3 Hotel
3 reviews
#84 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi..."
"A spartan, marginally clean (?) room.... didn't really want to take our shoes off and the insect in the tub wasn't something we recognised. It might have been fine if we have been able to get out in the..."
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#85 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Anh Duong Hotel
3.7 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Nice hotel but can I ask why you treat your dogs so badly? If you give dogs love and affection they will give it back. Instead you tie your dog to a short metal chain, ungroomed and lacking in any human affection..."
ATI Quan Lan Eco Resort
#87 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Sadly we had a terrible experience in a beautiful place. On arrival we were greeted with what felt like resentment from the staff. This followed by being woken at 5.30am by someone peeping through the holes made..."
"If a bamboo hut on a deserted beach on a remote island sounds like Nirvana, then the Quan Lan Eco Resort is the place for you. Getting to Quan Lan Island is an adventure in and of itself. There is a local ferry..."
Vuon Dao
5 reviews
#89 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"there is not much to say about. we had cold shower, no wifi, uncomfortablr beds and the room smells like pee. also the women at the reception can't speak english. we stayed 2 nights there and we were not happy about..."
"I visited Vietnam with my husband last month and we stayed at the Vuon Dao Hotel located in and around the Ha Long Bay. With quality accommodation at reasonable prices, we were able to enjoy an array of services..."
Catba Water Park Resort
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
#91 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is..."
Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#92 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
#93 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD..."
"We booked an overnight stay here with my wife because it's just a walking distance from bai chay (where restaurants and souvenir shops are located). Our room have a small fridge, a CRT TV, a coffee table set..."
Bach Dang Hotel
#94 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water from..."
"Facilities in this hotel is old and not under good condition... Hot water system very old, need to wait 15 minutes only can bath, and just bath until half, the water will cold back..Room is big enough but the door..."
Buu Dien Ha Long
6 reviews
#95 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This was the worst hotel experience that we had during our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is too old and outdated : there is no separate bathtub/shower door or screen to the toilet , the a/c is not working right, the..."
"I have to say this is the worst we have stayed in so far. Bed is as hard as a rock,TV is small, air conditioning barely works. Bathroom-shower was ok but toilet was cracked around the bottom and didn't flush..."
Moc Tra Hotel
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
Morning Star Hotel
13 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I've been here 01 night with my guests due to bad weather,the cruise had to be cancelled so we booked this hotel. Services was fine. But the room was not good cause some of my guest had to stayed in the room with..."
"Firstly I would recommend the only reason why one would stay the night in Tuan Chau would just for transit between Hanoi or Hai Phong. In general I would recommend goof back to Hanoi or Hai Phong if possible and not..."
Island Pearl Hotel
#16 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were transfered in this hotel because we booked a room in the moon Bay hotel and They canceled our booking due to a 'electricity issue'. The hotel is old, dirty and super noisy. The bathroom hasn't been cleaned..."
Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
#99 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We..."
"This restaurant is recommended by our tour manager for cleanliness (health safety). He suggested we do not take chance with local food. We ordered beef, sweet and sour pork ribs, a cabbage dish. The beef dish is..."
Prosperity Hotel
1.6 miles from Halong Bay
#32 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago..."
Green Capital Hotel
#101 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night..."
"The horrible experience started with the try to get to the Hotel. The adress wasn't known to the taxi drivers of Ha Long City. After a trip through the half of the city the driver was able to find the hotel. So we..."
Camellia Tuan Chau
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Disinterested staff, cramped room, window onto a ventilation shaft, furnishings best described as neo-Soviet. Be warned, the hotel is not in fact at the mouth of the harbour, it is a 30min walk from the Cat Ba ferry..."
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#103 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. "
"Toilet flush not strong. Hard spring mattress bed. Small standing shower pod that is not friendly for usage. Creaky old cupboards and only 1 charging point per room as confirmed by me and various friends. Mostly..."
Hoa Binh Ha Long Hotel
#18 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This hotel is not near anything in a very quiet area,on arrival the staff were hopeless,hotel not busy at all but early in season?(February).Rooms were ok spacious and with lovely views across the bay,towels changed..."
"This hotel is very nice but somebody needs to train the staff. We walked into the foyez to find no receptionist and the staff playing cards. We had to interrupt their game to get someone to help us. We said: "Hello..."
Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#105 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with a View
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Nile River Valley
The mighty Nile has been providing Egypt with water for millennia. Deserving of its reputation as the world's largest open-air museum, the Nile River Valley contains thousands of monuments at sites such as Luxor and Aswan. Don't miss the city of temples ar Karnak, the dozens of tombs in the Valley of the Kings, the massive rock temples of Abu Simbel or vast and powerful Luxor Temple. Visitors can float by these astounding sites on a felucca boat or cruise ship or catch a train from Cairo.
Fujikawaguchiko-machi
Saratov Oblast
Pyatigorsk
Sinop
Ankara Province
Tilos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
Hotels with Sauna
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a view
What are the best hotels with a view near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with a view in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
