Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Boutique Resorts
THE BEST Boutique Resorts in Da Nang
Da Nang Boutique Resorts
These charming, stylish abodes come with tons of personality.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boutique
Matches:Boutique
Missing:Resort
Cocobay Vietnam
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
69 reviews
In Da Nang
#224 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had a wonderful and fantastic experience in Cocobay. The friendliness of staff and the landscape of Cocobay gave me strong impression. Staff of Boutique Hotel are very lovely and hospitality. They are willing to..."
"Staff and service is helpful and friendly, especially Ms Hong Thuy, guest service supervisor. She can speak English and makes communication easy. Able to give suggestions of where to go and eat which is helpful for..."
Xuan Boutique Apartment
1 review
1.6 miles from Da Nang
#5 of 39 Specialty lodging in My An
"We were very happy with our stay at Xuan Boutique Apartments, the staff were friendly and very helpful. There was lots of choice for breakfast, mostly Asian, but fresh baguettes and eggs of your choice daily. The..."
SEN Boutique Hotel
240 reviews
#112 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed here for a day and overall it was a nice stay. Rooms were spacious and clean. The breakfast served was simple but sufficient. The location is good, quite close to the beach. Some chairs are kept in front..."
"This hotel is beautiful and clean with the best owner and amazing staff. So friendly, they make you feel like family. The breakfast each morning is very good and the location is right near to the beach."
Gold Boutique Hotel
6 reviews
#276 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed here for 2 nights. Took us 20 minutes to get here from Da Nang airport. Got a nice spacious room with sea view. Hotel looks new and we had a very comfortable stay. Hotel is located 20 minutes ride to Linh Ung..."
"I spent 3 days here, and that is a beautiful place with me. It just took me 1 minute to go to the beach. The room was very clean and comfortable. the staff helps me a lot and they are so friendly. if u have a..."
Thi Boutique Villa
18 reviews
#34 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Thi Boutique Villa in Da Nang truly captivates with its exceptional service, from the warm and accommodating staff to the hands-on owner, ensuring a memorable stay."
"Before arriving in Da Nang we’ve been in both Ho Chi Minh and Hue. Thi Boutique Villa was by far the nicest hotel we’ve been at and also the cheapest."
Konoha Boutique Villa
10 reviews
#53 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Konoha Boutique Villa was amazing. The staffs were so friendly and helpful. The room is very comfy and clean. We extended our stay 3 days more because the feeling like stay at home. the location is also close to the..."
"The hotel design is very impressive. Spacious and clean hotel. Staffs very attentive and always there to help us. Only about 5 mins walking to My Khe Beach, a lot of seafood restaurants, minimarts and spa nearby..."
Le Boutique Danang
5 reviews
#278 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We had a very pleasant stay at Le Boutique hotel, convenient location and staff were very friendly."
"Lovely and friendly staff, enjoyed the the stay , centrally located. Hotel and room very comfortable. Bathroom and toilet ok, but needed to be a bit more private. Overall good rating, especially fir the staff"
M92 Boutique Da Nang Beach Hotel
13 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#3 of 18 hotels in An Hai Bac
"Great hotel situated in a charming part of town, offering a cozy and inviting atmosphere. There's a nice cafe downstairs, perfect for morning coffees or casual meetings. Impressively, the hotel is nestled on a very..."
"Hotel is accessible, with a 24/7 Mart, several restaurants and cafes as well as Danang beach within a 0.5 mile radius. Easy to hail Uber from, taking only 3~ minutes wait. Morning buffet is palatable"
Ana Maison Boutique Hotel
298 reviews
#119 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"For the price we pay we can not ask for more, you can not expect to pay 20€ for a room with breakfast, and get a 5 **** hotel, so the hotel was very good with a good breakfast Hotel 5 min walking to the beach and..."
Danang Moment - Boutique Serviced Apartment
70 reviews
#7 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Clean and beautiful, just as advertised! Would recommend to anyone who is visiting Danang. Danang Moment provided very detailed check-in and out processes which benefited the stay! Great value considering the..."
"We spent 20 days at Da Nang moment. We highly recommend it and would stay there again. The wonderful staff was always on point and incredibly friendly, and the owner goes to great lengths to make you feel at home..."
Danang Boutique Hotel
38 reviews
#20 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Nice family hotel. My room was nice and clean. The people in the restaurant were very frendly and helpfull, Restaurant is very good. I was in Vietnam for 14 days and had my best meal here. In June I will be baxk in..."
"We stayed only one night in Da Nang but we had a very nice time in the hotel. The room was spaceous and there is a very nice rooftop bar, where they serve the hotel breakfast. Also very centrally located. The staff..."
Pandora Boutique Da Nang
35 reviews
#183 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Hotel staff are all so lovely and helpful. Tram helped us a lot during our stay and is a lovely girl! Great location, close to the beach and lots of restaurants surrounding the hotel. Rooms are clean and comfy..."
"We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and it was great!! The staff are amazing! They will do anything to help you if they can. We used their car service for a day trip to Hoi An and it was a lovely day. They also..."
L'amore Boutique Hotel
49 reviews
#163 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they..."
"this hotel is great for every occation, i don't have enough compliments to say about, i stayed 4 nights and only paid nealy 70$ . highly recommend this hotel, wait for last minute deal and you'll see am i right!"
John Boutique Villa Apartment
87 reviews
#8 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Definitely book this hotel. I loved my stay and the staff are the best. So friendly and positive, they made my stay really special and made me feel like family. They're great and help in any way they can. The..."
"I stayed there for 3 nights and they had exactly what I need. Room is not so big but for a boutique hotel, it was ok. The staffs are very friendly, they only have 2 ladies work as receptionist, one in the morning..."
Dreamy Beach Boutique Hotel
#76 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"An, the owner is super helpful! Helped us rent a scooter for the day and just made our experience in Da Nang just so much better! The Hotel is about a 2 minute walk from the beach which is perfect!!! We were lucky..."
"Located down a side street a block back from the main road that runs along the beach, this hotel was a great find. Formally the ‘Azure Hotel’ Dreamy Beach is a boutique hotel. Elevator/lift access is available..."
Havin Boutique Danang
#221 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Thanks for Havin Hotel and your services in there. I feel luckly because I chose a good hotel to enjoy my holiday in Danang. The room and all of services in Havin are very good, I really pleasure. Besides, hotel..."
"Highly recommend this Hotel. This’s quite new hotel, amazing staff, very clean, good location, easy to travel to many places. Breakfast is good. I will come back, surely. It’s take only 25 minutes to Hoi An..."
The Leaf Boutique Hotel
2 reviews
#349 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"stayed for 2 nights with my wife. The views are pretty great but the location and value isn't amazing. My room had an ocean-view and had a balcony facing the road and beach BUT the sliding door didn't close..."
White Sand Boutique Hotel
105 reviews
#125 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The staff of the White Sand Boutique made my stay a very comfortable one."
"We found the room to be modern in its design, fresh, and clean."
Chu Hotel Danang
212 reviews
#7 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"He had dinner at the hotel restaurant. It’s a quaint setup with tables surrounded by big trees. The food was good - we ordered steak, schnitzel and some salads. The food was all perfectly cooked. A good selection of..."
2023
San Marino Boutique Danang
734 reviews
#21 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Our family had an amazing experience with San Marino Boutique!"
"Stayed at San Marino boutique hotel Danang for New Year's eve 2023 and New Year's day 2024."
Lantana House Boutique Da Nang by Haviland
#114 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Good location only few minutes to the beach, friendly staff and you can use swimming pool on the rooftop. Staff took a good care for us, they recommend some of local restaurants and coffee shop, and they helped us..."
Lan Anh Boutique Motel
4 reviews
#354 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Friendly staff, huge family room & bathroom. Free ice and big smiles. Close to My Khe beach. We rented scooters from hotel, very reliable. Clean, comfortable accommodation with simple, but sufficient breakfast."
"Our stay at this lovely place was absolutely perfect. We even extended our stay by 10 days! It's a short walk to the beach and the local bars and restaurants. The family who run the motel are absolutely lovely, so..."
Louis Mo Boutique Da Nang
#484 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Big 2 bedroom apartments. Nicest thing is they have cleaning service every few days with clean towels. Most apartments (booked via Airbnb) don't have this. Gym is VERY small and VERY hot, good for a sweat, but..."
"They canceled my booking when we arrived later than their check-in time even though we paid for three nights and tried to kick us out at 11pm although we are 1 pregnant woman, 2 old ladies and 4 kids."
Di Lusso Boutique Hotel
37 reviews
#23 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"We went there to have dinner on the firework nigh, and the view is absolutely amazing. The hotel is in front of the firework station so no smoke, and amazing performance. The staff was very nice. They also offered..."
"We only stayed one night as we had an early flight out of Da Nang the following day. We. arrived quite early and paid a small amount extra to have access to our room before official check in at 2.00. Trang, the lady..."
Eco Green Boutique Hotel
195 reviews
#77 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This is an efficient environmentally conscious boutique hotel offering easy access to the beach, the walking street restaurants and cafes, to explore further afield in Da Nang."
"Great friendly boutique hotel, quiet at night allowing for great sleeping."
Bezel Hotel
11 reviews
1.4 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 1 B&Bs / Inns in An Hai Tay
"good location. the hotel near dragon bridge, bon river and Vincom plaza. you can walk to see show at dragon bridge. The staff are very nice. they can help and support you. ทำเลดี ไปมาสะดวก อยู่เลียบแม่น้ำบอน..."
"The Bezel Hotel is a small boutique style hotel and its located over the opposite side of the dragon bridge but right on the river. The rooms are well presented and maintained however they are very small and so..."
Menora Premium Da Nang - Sea Corner Boutique
28 reviews
#232 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We arrived here and it was beautiful! My partner and the staff surprised me with a birthday balloon and bed spread. It was a small cost and it really made an impact! The staff were so lovely and helped us out with..."
"The hotel location is closed to beach, the room rate is included the daily breakfast, the price is very good for the person who doesn’t want to spend a lot of hotel accommodations. Although the hotel is small, the..."
Lemon Tree Hotel Boutique
9 reviews
#418 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The rooms are very nice, bright and clean and have a modern feel. The shower is great. The staff is always prepared to help and smiley. The only minus point is the breakfast, not much variety of western food."
"Hotel is in a good location. For now is quiet. Not that much construction going on. Some staff doesn’t speak a work of English. But the reception does. Breakfast wasn’t available as a buffet as not enough guests..."
CN Palace Boutique Hotel & Spa
19 reviews
#248 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"An absolutely perfect stay in this hotel.All the facilities are new and in modern style.The hotel room was very nice and clean with a city view.The staff were really friendly, kind and helpfull.Very happy choosing..."
"Only stayed here for one night but it was very nice. The room was lovely and the beds were so comfy. Room and bathroom were clean and spacious. Was very impressed with the room. Staff were very friendly. We went..."
Capital O 1010 Pandora Boutique Villa
16 reviews
#225 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Such a lovely hotel, everywhere was so clean and the staff were exceptional. Breakfast in our room was well prepared and delicious every day. Room was airy and bright with excellent aircon. Easy walking distance to..."
"I initially booked 5 rooms for 10paxs last min due to some changes i have take up 4 rooms for 9paxs Minh was flexible and accomdating refund me back the balance.The Hotel was clean and quite for those who really..."
Popular destinations for Boutique Resorts
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Cebu Island
From the cosmopolitan metropolis of Cebu City and the white-sand beaches of Mactan to the electric-blue waters of Kawasan Falls and the whale sharks of Oslob, it’s easy to see why Cebu Island is one of the Philippines’ top destinations.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ubud
The village cluster of Ubud is the ideal place to try a famed Balinese massage and soak up the ambiance of one of Asia’s top spa destinations. Acupressure, reflexology, stretching and aromatherapy star in the island's distinctively firm massage treatments. Ubud is also the vivacious center of Bali’s arts scene, home to a small treasure trove of museums and galleries. Monkey around at nearby nature reserve Monkey Forest Park, home to hundreds of mischievous long-tailed macaques. Don’t miss the valley of tomb cloisters at Gunung Kawi.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
Dambulla
Thekkady
Popular Da Nang Categories
Luxury Resorts
Charming Hotels
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Thi Boutique Villa in Da Nang truly captivates with its exceptional service, from the warm and accommodating staff to the hands-on owner, ensuring a memorable stay.
Thi
Boutique Villa
in Da Nang truly captivates with its exceptional service, from the warm and accommodating staff to the hands-on owner, ensuring a memorable stay.
Before arriving in Da Nang we’ve been in both Ho Chi Minh and Hue. Thi Boutique Villa was by far the nicest hotel we’ve been at and also the cheapest.
Before arriving in Da Nang we’ve been in both Ho Chi Minh and Hue. Thi
was by far the nicest hotel we’ve been at and also the cheapest.
We had a very pleasant stay at Le Boutique hotel, convenient location and staff were very friendly.
We had a very pleasant stay at
Le Boutique hotel
, convenient location and staff were very friendly.
The staff of the White Sand Boutique made my stay a very comfortable one.
The staff of the White Sand
made my stay a very comfortable one.
We found the room to be modern in its design, fresh, and clean.
We found the room to be
modern
in its design, fresh, and clean.
Our family had an amazing experience with San Marino Boutique!
Our family had an amazing experience with San Marino
!
Stayed at San Marino boutique hotel Danang for New Year's eve 2023 and New Year's day 2024.
Stayed at San Marino
boutique hotel
Danang for New Year's eve 2023 and New Year's day 2024.
This is an efficient environmentally conscious boutique hotel offering easy access to the beach, the walking street restaurants and cafes, to explore further afield in Da Nang.
This is an efficient environmentally conscious
offering easy access to the beach, the walking street restaurants and cafes, to explore further afield in Da Nang.
Great friendly boutique hotel, quiet at night allowing for great sleeping.
Great
friendly boutique hotel
, quiet at night allowing for great sleeping.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
