Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
THE 10 BEST Hot Tub Suite Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hot Tub Suite Hotels
Spoil yourself—a good soak is just what you need after a long day.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Suites
Hot Tub
Free Wifi
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:SuitesHot Tub
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Song Loc Luxury Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
19 reviews
In Halong Bay
#12 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This is a great hotel, albeit it’s out the way. The walk to the main bay is actually a really nice walk, there are a few coffee houses on the way if that’s your thing. We were here in December and they had the..."
"Stay there for 2 nights and it was my second stay of my trip: + Pros: Spacious room, New hotel, A la Carte menu was quite quality. + Cons: No soundproof rooms (I hear clearly neighbor discussions), staff was not..."
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Halong Ecolodge
9 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Halong bay is quite touristic and crowed, normal hotels are next to each other or close to the streets but this one is different. It is isolated from the rest, lies in the middle of a hill and has home-stay style..."
"After a few days in Hanoi, it was a great relief to stay there for a calm night in the middle of the nature. There was a karaoke in the main building that night but the private deluxe room for couple is quite far..."
Halo Bay Homestay
40 reviews
#2 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The staff are so friendly and helpful. Hien the host send over lots of great ideas of what to do when we were there. Ha long is such a beautiful place. I feel very lucky to have gone here. The food was delicious and..."
"The Location is very convenient, just aside the main road. The home is very clean and silent. The owners are cooperative. The beds are good with a locker below them. Toilets are clean with all needed facilities. A..."
Matches:Hot TubHotels & Motels
Missing:Suites
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Matches:SuitesHotels & Motels
Missing:Hot Tub
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This was our honeymoon trip so we booked a deluxe Junior Suite with sea view for 1 night and we were surprised that they decorated our room so beautifully."
"Twenty minutes later we were invited to go to our upgraded suite so we might rest rather than wait for another room later in the day."
2023
Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were very satisfied with the delicious food, spacious rooms and the excellent service provided by the Suite."
"Had the best two nights at the Paradise Suite hotel."
Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We got an Executive Suite room with a corner Sea View and had an amazing view of the bridge, Sun Wheel, and the rest of the bay."
"The deluxe room was spacious and clean."
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
"Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but..."
Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#18 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Golden Halong Hotel
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Halong Hidden Charm
21 reviews
#105 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yes, this place offers a great view but that's the only good point.the room are not clean and the bed very uncomfortable. The staff was not very friendly and helpfull either. It could be a nice place if they make..."
"We stayed here for one night as we were getting on a cruise the next morning. We booked this hotel because of the views it had and these were not a disappointment. Unfortunately almost everything else was. The..."
Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#41 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i..."
"The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Galaxy Halong Hotel
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
White Crown Hotel
10 reviews
0.6 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
The Twin Hotel
1 review
#25 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Blue Sky Hotel
20 reviews
#107 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Dirty as you will not imagine. We had to change the room because the bathroom was flooded by the shower (water came out of the shower through a side hole). Then, the second room we were given had a mouldy wall. Do..."
"Context: stayed in the hotel on a staff team trip with a local company. Rates were clearly very cheap to handle our limited budget. So what could we expect? I only hoped for it to be clean. Result: My room was..."
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Ha Long Dream Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
#99 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We..."
"This restaurant is recommended by our tour manager for cleanliness (health safety). He suggested we do not take chance with local food. We ordered beef, sweet and sour pork ribs, a cabbage dish. The beef dish is..."
Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
#85 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in..."
"Awesome view from the top floor overlooking the Bay. And extremely cheap. No real hotel service, (did not clean rooms, and laundry was limited) ... but, for the price, was not expecting much. I would stay there..."
Popular destinations for Suite Hotels with Hot Tubs
Beihai
Quang Nam Province
Bophut
Learn to dive, sunbathe on a sandy beach or indulge in inexpensive spa services (including amazing Thai massages) in Bophut, a beach village that recently has become home to many new hotels and villas. Try the main street for trendy shops and restaurants, or visit the Fisherman’s Village for more traditional shops.
Read more
Ningbo
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Hinoba-an
Uruma
Solan
Hayama-machi
Burswood
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about suite hotels with hot tubs
What are the best suite hotels with hot tubs near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any suite hotels with hot tubs in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
This was our honeymoon trip so we booked a deluxe Junior Suite with sea view for 1 night and we were surprised that they decorated our room so beautifully.
This was our honeymoon trip so we
booked a deluxe Junior Suite
with sea view for 1 night and we were surprised that they decorated our room so beautifully.
Twenty minutes later we were invited to go to our upgraded suite so we might rest rather than wait for another room later in the day.
Twenty minutes later we were invited to go to our
upgraded suite
so we might rest rather than wait for another room later in the day.
We were very satisfied with the delicious food, spacious rooms and the excellent service provided by the Suite.
We were very satisfied with the delicious food, spacious rooms and the excellent service provided by the
Suite
.
Had the best two nights at the Paradise Suite hotel.
Had the best two nights at the
Paradise Suite
hotel.
We got an Executive Suite room with a corner Sea View and had an amazing view of the bridge, Sun Wheel, and the rest of the bay.
We got
an Executive Suite
room with a corner Sea View and had an amazing view of the bridge, Sun Wheel, and the rest of the bay.
The deluxe room was spacious and clean.
The
deluxe room was spacious
and clean.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
