Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 5 BEST Resorts near Mekong Realism Tours, Can Tho
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Resorts near Mekong Realism Tours
View map
Resorts near Mekong Realism Tours
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
246/8/24, Tam Vu street, Hung Loi ward, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho Room 6, 2nd floor, Can Tho 270000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Mekong Realism Tours
Popular
4 stars
1
Breakfast included
& up
3
Property types
Resorts
+177
B&Bs & Inns
+98
Specialty lodgings
+36
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
2
Free parking
Distance from
25+ mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
Hotel class
3 stars
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Business
Show more
Brands
Powered By Archipelago
9 of 1,253 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Mekong Realism Tours

Highest-rated 4-star hotel within 4 miles of Mekong Realism Tours
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
1. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
122 reviews
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu | Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
3.6 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#1 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
“Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...”
2. Hieu's Cottage
8 reviews
31-35, Chau Van Liem, Phuong Tan An, Quan Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 910000, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#2 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
“During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience. ”
3. Mekong Chill Homestay
3 reviews
To 13, Ap My Hung 1, Xa My Hoa, Binh Minh, Vietnam
3.4 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#3 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
“Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…”
All Inclusive
4. Mekong Lodge
885 reviews
Dong Hoa Hiep, Cai Be 860000, Vietnam
27.7 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#4 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
“Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...”
5. Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
Rach Muong Dinh, Ap Nhon Phu 1 | Xa Nhon Nghia A, Can Tho, Vietnam
7.5 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#5 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
6. My An Resort
5 reviews
18B My An B Hamlet, My Thanh An Village, Ben Tre 83000, Vietnam
42.4 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#6 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
“My boyfriend and I stayed in My An resort for 2 nights in August 2017. We were surprised to see such a huge resort with so many amenities completely empty. We felt a bit lost in there. The staff barely spoke...”
7. Vuon sinh Thai Xeo Nhum
0 reviews
KDC Hong Loan, Khu Vuc 5, Phuong Hung Thanh, Quan Cai Rang Can Tho, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.0 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#7 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
8. Can Tho Eco Resort Powered by Aston
Km7, Quoc Lo 61C | Nhon Thuan, Nhon Nghia, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
1.6 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#8 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
9. Du Lich Ha Thao Ben Tre
Ap 3, Xa Nhon Thanh, Ben Tre, Vietnam
45.1 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#9 Best Value of 1,253 places to stay in Can Tho
There are no more properties that match all of your filters. Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions. They may be in Can Tho or nearby.
Top Rated
2023
Sheraton Can Tho
994 reviews
No. 209, 30/4 Street | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
0.7 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#1 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...”
Visit hotel website
Spring Hotel
Bed and Breakfast
91 reviews
No 22 Resident Area Number 9 30 4 St, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
0.6 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#4 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
“Our original plan was to spend only one night in Can Tho so we were looking for a clean budget hotel. From the minute we checked-in we knew it would be a great stay. The staff here are awesome. They speak…”
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
224 30/4 Street, Xuan Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
0.9 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...”
Huynh Han Motel
Lodge
13 Tran Van Viet | KDC Metro, Ninh Kieu 900000, Vietnam
0.8 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#2 of 10 specialty lodgings in Ninh Kieu
“Great hotel, clean rooms Very friendly and helpful staff, Great location, close to shopping centre and cinemas, In the room....Bed is firm; good night rest, Lots of parking. Very peaceful night waking to the...”
Can Tho Mekong Guest House
Specialty Inn
4 reviews
34 Road B15 | Hung Phu Area, Cai Rang Dist., Can Tho 99, Vietnam
#37 of 197 specialty lodgings in Can Tho
“I spent two nights at Mekong Guest House at the start of January 2016, and I could not have found a better way to begin the year! The hostel is obviously clean and pleasant, but above all the owners really made me...”
Khoa Phu Hotel
28 reviews
C3, 3T2, 30/04 Road , Xuan Khanh , Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#9 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
“This is a great little hotel set back from a main road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great...”
An Hotel
35 reviews
No. 18, B7 Street, KDC Hung Phu 1, Hung Phu Ward, Cai Rang Dist, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#56 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
“For us book this hotel An Tours, 3 day Mekong delta tours. It’s was nice and normaly hotel. Rooms was clean and all stuff available. At midnight started a local party, which was very noisy. Breakfast was good.”
Phu Uy Hotel
38 Mau Than, An Phu Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Ninh Kieu Quay / City Center, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#58 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
93 Mau Than, Xuan Khanh, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.2 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…”
Kim Khanh Hotel
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...”
An Hotel Can Tho
Number 18 - 20, B7 Street | Hung Phu Ward, Can Tho 70000, Vietnam
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a...”
Mien Tay Hotel
91 Mau Than Street, Xuan Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#45 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the…”
Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
52 Quang Trung St., Can Tho, Vietnam
#52 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...”
Mekong Palm House
Hostel
D3-39, no. 9 St. | Nam Long residential area, Hung Thanh, Cai Rang, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#26 of 197 specialty lodgings in Can Tho
“As travel/lifestyle instagrammers, we really enjoyed staying there. The room/apartment was clean and really spacious and this is for us really appreciated as we do have a lot of suitcases while traveling for our...”
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
3-5-7-9 Tran Vinh Kiet, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...”
Nam Son Hotel
27A Lo Vong Cung Street, An Binh Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
1.3 miles from Mekong Realism Tours
#60 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
“I stayed in Nam Son for two days. The room was very spacious and well furnished, plus a good sized bathroom with a shower in a bath tub. You do have a choice for breakfast that is included with your room price. It...”
09 Homestay
11 du_ng B9 KDC Hung Phu 1, Can Tho, Vietnam
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which…”
Monaco Hotel
2 reviews
63 Du_ng Nguy_n Ng_c Bich, Can Tho, Vietnam
#65 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Tan Phuoc 2
So 9 Le Thanh Ton | Q. Ninh Kieu, TP,, Can Tho, Vietnam
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
“Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...”
Thien Hai Son Hotel Can Tho
99 Mau Than Street, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#70 of 189 B&Bs in Can Tho
“The price was right, $12, the room had cable TV,fridge,balcony,a/c, it was clean with a decent bathroom, the room itself was large. However, I thought being a hotel in a tourist town that they might speak a little...”
Kieu Hanh Hostel
Alley 1, 162/119 Mau Than, Can Tho, Vietnam
#69 of 197 specialty lodgings in Can Tho
“During one of the biggest public holiday in Vietnam, I came to Can Tho for the folk cake festival and booked 2 rooms in this hostel on Agoda. When we arrived, the receptionist informed that they didn't keep the...”
Resorts Near Mekong Realism Tours information
Resorts Near Mekong Realism Tours, Can Tho
There are 6 Resorts close to Mekong Realism Tours in Can Tho
Resorts Near Mekong Realism Tours Reviews
There are 134 reviews on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Resorts Near Mekong Realism Tours Photos
There are 309 photos on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Nearest accommodation
1.04 mi
Mekong Realism Tours
9 of 1,253
Clear all filters
Highest-rated 4-star hotel
99A, KDC Hoan My, KV3, Song Hau, Con Khuong, Cai Khe, Ninh Kieu
Con Khuong, Ninh Kieu Dist
Can Tho 900000,
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort.
Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to...
31-35, Chau Van Liem, Phuong Tan An, Quan Ninh Kieu
Can Tho 910000,
During my trip through Vietnam, I came across this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience.
During my trip through Vietnam, I came across
this restaurant. It was wonderful experience. Food is super tasty and staff is very friendly. Definitely a spot to check out for a great culinary experience.
To 13, Ap My Hung 1, Xa My Hoa
Binh Minh,
Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…
Definitely Chill on the Mekong. So relaxed, we
booked for 3 nights and stayed for 5. The guys, Minh, Tri, Justin and Phuc were so hospitable, nothing was a problem and everything was possible! We loved the…
Dong Hoa Hiep
Cai Be 860000,
Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...
Very nice and quiet resort hidden in the
vegetation. A staff with the small care and very good dishes very accessible. A special thanks to all of staff, for they kindness and his availability! I strongly recommend...
Rach Muong Dinh, Ap Nhon Phu 1
Xa Nhon Nghia A
Can Tho,
18B My An B Hamlet, My Thanh An Village
Ben Tre 83000,
My boyfriend and I stayed in My An resort for 2 nights in August 2017. We were surprised to see such a huge resort with so many amenities completely empty. We felt a bit lost in there. The staff barely spoke...
My boyfriend and I stayed in My An resort for 2
nights in August 2017. We were surprised to see such a huge resort with so many amenities completely empty. We felt a bit lost in there. The staff barely spoke...
KDC Hong Loan, Khu Vuc 5, Phuong Hung Thanh, Quan Cai Rang Can Tho
Km7, Quoc Lo 61C
Nhon Thuan, Nhon Nghia
Ap 3, Xa Nhon Thanh
Ben Tre,
No. 209, 30/4 Street
Ninh Kieu District
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor)
after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long...
No 22 Resident Area Number 9 30 4 St
Can Tho 92000,
Our original plan was to spend only one night in Can Tho so we were looking for a clean budget hotel. From the minute we checked-in we knew it would be a great stay. The staff here are awesome. They speak…
Our original plan was to spend only one night in
Can Tho so we were looking for a clean budget hotel. From the minute we checked-in we knew it would be a great stay. The staff here are awesome. They speak…
224 30/4 Street, Xuan Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
Good centralized location on a main street.
Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money...
13 Tran Van Viet
KDC Metro
Ninh Kieu 900000,
Great hotel, clean rooms Very friendly and helpful staff, Great location, close to shopping centre and cinemas, In the room....Bed is firm; good night rest, Lots of parking. Very peaceful night waking to the...
Great hotel, clean rooms Very friendly and
helpful staff, Great location, close to shopping centre and cinemas, In the room....Bed is firm; good night rest, Lots of parking. Very peaceful night waking to the...
34 Road B15
Hung Phu Area, Cai Rang Dist.
Can Tho 99,
I spent two nights at Mekong Guest House at the start of January 2016, and I could not have found a better way to begin the year! The hostel is obviously clean and pleasant, but above all the owners really made me...
I spent two nights at Mekong Guest House at the
start of January 2016, and I could not have found a better way to begin the year! The hostel is obviously clean and pleasant, but above all the owners really made me...
C3, 3T2, 30/04 Road , Xuan Khanh , Ninh Kieu
This is a great little hotel set back from a main road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great...
This is a great little hotel set back from a main
road. The rooms were spotless, shower was hot and powerful. The staff are very helpful and we did a morning tour of the floating markets that was just great...
No. 18, B7 Street, KDC Hung Phu 1, Hung Phu Ward, Cai Rang Dist
For us book this hotel An Tours, 3 day Mekong delta tours. It’s was nice and normaly hotel. Rooms was clean and all stuff available. At midnight started a local party, which was very noisy. Breakfast was good.
For us book this hotel An Tours, 3 day Mekong
delta tours. It’s was nice and normaly hotel. Rooms was clean and all stuff available. At midnight started a local party, which was very noisy. Breakfast was good.
38 Mau Than, An Phu Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Ninh Kieu Quay / City Center
93 Mau Than, Xuan Khanh, Ninh Kieu
The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…
The staff are very helpful. They attended to our
every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is…
9-11-13-15 Nguyen Hien Street, KDC 91B, An Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
Not too far from the river and the different
eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner...
Number 18 - 20, B7 Street
Hung Phu Ward
Can Tho 70000,
AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a...
AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was
very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a...
91 Mau Than Street, Xuan Khanh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay. Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the…
This hotel is great for an overnight or two stay.
Rooms were clean and functional. Location is good, close to river for boat trips. Breakfast area (which is alongside the hotel) is spacious. Be careful of the…
52 Quang Trung St.
Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...
Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel
I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...
D3-39, no. 9 St.
Nam Long residential area, Hung Thanh, Cai Rang
As travel/lifestyle instagrammers, we really enjoyed staying there. The room/apartment was clean and really spacious and this is for us really appreciated as we do have a lot of suitcases while traveling for our...
As travel/lifestyle instagrammers, we really
enjoyed staying there. The room/apartment was clean and really spacious and this is for us really appreciated as we do have a lot of suitcases while traveling for our...
3-5-7-9 Tran Vinh Kiet
Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...
Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very
friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals...
27A Lo Vong Cung Street, An Binh Ward, Ninh Kieu District
I stayed in Nam Son for two days. The room was very spacious and well furnished, plus a good sized bathroom with a shower in a bath tub. You do have a choice for breakfast that is included with your room price. It...
I stayed in Nam Son for two days. The room was
very spacious and well furnished, plus a good sized bathroom with a shower in a bath tub. You do have a choice for breakfast that is included with your room price. It...
11 du_ng B9 KDC Hung Phu 1
Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which…
Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty,
has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which…
63 Du_ng Nguy_n Ng_c Bich
So 9 Le Thanh Ton
Q. Ninh Kieu, TP,
Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...
Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but
very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our...
99 Mau Than Street
The price was right, $12, the room had cable TV,fridge,balcony,a/c, it was clean with a decent bathroom, the room itself was large. However, I thought being a hotel in a tourist town that they might speak a little...
The price was right, $12, the room had cable
TV,fridge,balcony,a/c, it was clean with a decent bathroom, the room itself was large. However, I thought being a hotel in a tourist town that they might speak a little...
Alley 1, 162/119 Mau Than
During one of the biggest public holiday in Vietnam, I came to Can Tho for the folk cake festival and booked 2 rooms in this hostel on Agoda. When we arrived, the receptionist informed that they didn't keep the...
During one of the biggest public holiday in
Vietnam, I came to Can Tho for the folk cake festival and booked 2 rooms in this hostel on Agoda. When we arrived, the receptionist informed that they didn't keep the...
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
