Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
THE BEST Hotels with Swim-up Bar in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Swimup Bar
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Swimup Bar
Hotel Phuc Long 2
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Can Tho
#63 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Holiday 2 Hotel
2 reviews
#69 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Part of a tour. The breakfast is good. Hotel is just barely okay. Location is dreadful. Way too many neon massage signs around to make a person feel comfortable walking around. Not a great place, a person could do..."
"Dishonest and misleading hotel. Believe the poor reviews. Lots of prostitution business in the area. I had booked hotel room for 7 days but cancelled it after staying one night. I booked two rooms via agoda. When I..."
Tan Tay Do Hotel
11 reviews
#67 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"They wanted to keep our passports until checkout day (we had 2 nights) which seemed a bit weird. Then when we asked to get our passports immediately since we already paid, they refused to hand them over for a while..."
"We booked this hotel through Booking website. When we arrived, on the outside, the hotel was quite big and beautiful hotel. But when we stepped inside, we were disappointed a bit because everything was not as good..."
Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
#68 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could..."
"We stayed in this hotel on an overnight Mekong Delta tour from Ho Chi Minh so we did not pick this hotel ourselves. On first appearances the hotel is very basic, but looks fine. Unfortunately, when we pulled back..."
Hanh Phuc Hotel Can Tho
16 reviews
#70 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My family stays in 4VIP rooms.The rooms are big and clean.However the staffs here cant really speak English.They will use translation apps to communicate with you. No tissue paper in the room.Not located in the..."
"The staff were nice and did their jobs. The rooms were clean but not really that nice. The one we got had a small window with a view of a wall, and there was some kind of problem with the hot water. They said it..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
Hello 2
37 reviews
#72 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy..."
"Staff is very kind and helpful. Too bad the room was quite smelly and old. Beds were okay and there was a big bath we couldn't really use since the hot water was not hot at all. The location is great cause it's very..."
Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
#73 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come..."
"I'll keep this short by merely listing our main grievances: - despite the "Cleaned and disinfected" ribbon across the toilet's lid, there was a pubic hair on the seat (not ours) - as another reviewer noted, the..."
Hoa Phuong Hotel
#74 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I went there to visit the Mekong Delta. The plan was to stay there three nights, but at least I stayed only two nights. The room and the bathroom weren't really clean and air conditioning and wifi didn't work. But..."
"Ok I know the tour from Sinh tourist is quite cheap, but there'are a lot of better hôtels at the same price. Obviously they have an agreement with sinh tourist. the main problem is the dirt, the whole place would..."
Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
#75 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the..."
"We had to stay in this hotel as part of a 2 day Mekong Delta Tour (also not recommended). We wouldn't have chose it otherwise. It is obviously a "pay by hour" hotel from the red light on the bedroom wall, provided..."
Hoang Anh Hotel
0 reviews
Hoài An 3D
Khach San Gan Cho Noi Cai Rang
HAO DONG HOTEL
Vuon sinh Thai Xeo Nhum
Nha Nghi Thao Toan
Nha Nghi Ngoc Thuy
Hotel Phúc Long
Thien Loc Phat Hotel
Mid Night
Lion 3 Hotel
Little Dalat
River Side Cottage
Hong Dao Hotel
OYO 753 Bright Moon Hotel
Ngoc Hung Tay Nam Hotel
Kita
Linh Phuong 5 Hotel
Nhan Tay Hostel
Popular destinations for Hotels with Swim-up Bar
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Coron
Coron is a fantastic base for adventure, especially for underwater explorers seeking to dive amid the Japanese shipwrecks of the 1940s. Hop a guided mangrove kayak tour or practice your killer spike on the beach-volleyball court at Atwayan Beach. Jungle treks, horseback tours and island camping will further quench your thirst for the ultimate outdoor experience.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Ghaziabad
Named after its founder Ghazi-ud-din, Ghaziabad is a large industrial city in the state of Uttar Pradesh. While Ghaziabad has industries that manufacture railway coaches, diesel engines, bicycles, glassware, pottery etc., its proximity to Delhi also makes Ghaziabad an important satellite city
Port Ghalib
Port Ghalib is the ultimate spot for those in the know, with its perfect blend of relaxation, adventure, and luxury. The beaches are one of the main draws, with golden sands and blue waters that you could spend all your days soaking up. The world beneath the surface is just as stunning—a boat ride takes you to Sataya Reef, where you can explore the vibrant coral reef and swim with dolphins. When you're ready to dry off, Port Ghalib Marina is the go-to for a night out. With yachts, waterfront restaurants, and a Mediterranean vibe, it's ideal for a sunset stroll or fancy dinner.
Nakhon Ratchasima Province
Pantai Tengah
San Juan
Pune District
Gurgaon District
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with swim-up bar
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with swim-up bar are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer a gym?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with swim-up bar in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
