Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
THE BEST Cheap Hotels on the Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Cheap Beach Hotels
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:BeachfrontCheap
Novotel Ha Long Bay
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,150 reviews
In Halong Bay
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
"Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#24 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
#92 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is..."
"My group and I stayed 01 night at starcity hotel , The hotel is as big as other 04 star hotels . the rooms are beautiful and spacious . We all love and impress with the rooms and bay view .but the swimming pool is..."
Ha Long Eden Hotel
19 reviews
#109 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Upon arrival we were looked up and down by the reception staff, one of whom turned out to be a manager. They were reluctant to help in most situations. The room was decent, until we had a coffee which promptly..."
"We had initially plan to stay in Halong for 2 days. Our experience with the people reduced that to one day. What ever you do, SHOP around and check out the rooms BEFORE you agree to stay at the hotels in Halong..."
Matches:Cheap
Missing:BeachfrontHotels & Motels
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:Hotels & MotelsCheap
Tung Duong Hotel
0 reviews
H81 Hotel
15 reviews
#19 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Decent and clean accommodation in a busy part of town. The room had air con, en suite bathroom with shower amenities. Plenty of eating options around the hotel. Small convenience store and pharmacy nearby. Good for..."
"cheap clean, really hard bed, centre of town, Wi fi a little slow, air con Fridge. We decided instead of booking the cruise from Hanoi we would travel down on the bus book a cheap mini hotel for a couple of nights..."
Linh Dan Hotel
12 reviews
#18 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Checked in here for two nights during our trip to Halong Bay. Overall, an enjoyable stay. A lovely clean and spacious room complete with everything you need including free toiletries! Had no hassle with the room at..."
"we are looking for a right place location is near the beach , night market , bai chay beach , ha long wharf and decided to stay in Linh Dan , the price is reasonable , room are clean and large services is good..."
Le Coq Hotel
1 review
#41 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Little Venus Hotel
Phuong Vi Hotel
#29 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"I bought the tour from this company to Halong Bay including transferring to Hanoi with private van. I paid by credit card she charge 4% I was ok with that, but we I got back to the Hotel I noticed she charge me more..."
"Don't use this place to book a tour, you will not get what you paid for. We paid for a private 16 seater to take us to Hanoi, a larger bus turned up. The driver said he was going to pick up 5 more people. We said no..."
Family Ha Long Inn
Le Jardin Homestay Ha Long
Halong BC
Huong Giang Hotel
Hoang Oanh Hotel
Holiday Hotel
Ha Nam Guest House
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
Herriot Ha Long Hotel
Thai Coffee and Homestay
Salito HomeStay
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
Alexy
VietDung Hostel
0.7 miles from Halong Bay
Hoang Viet hotel
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
Popular destinations for Cheap Beach Hotels
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Kovalam
A beach town on the Arabian Sea in southern India, Kovalam features three spectacular crescent beaches. The most popular and largest beach is Lighthouse Beach, aptly named for its 30-meter lighthouse, which features a stunning site - the Vizhinjam mosque. For a less crowded beach, visit Samudra Beach, with ample coconut trees and great views of the local fishermen at work.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Mombasa
Mombasa, with a population of 900,000, is no sleepy seaside village. Its beachfront hotels appeal to travelers in search of sun, sand and surf, while its Arab, Indian and colonial European heritage makes for a wide variety of sights to see. Can't find a taxi? Travel by tuk-tuk, a three-wheeled auto rickshaw.
Southern Leyte Province
Chelyabinsk Oblast
Buyukada
Savonlinna
Akyarlar
Samos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Balconies
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
