Flights
Vacation Rentals
Restaurants
Things to do
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hotels
Things to Do
Cruises
Inbox
See all
Sign in to get trip updates and message other travelers.
Search
villamorantonio
Contributions
185
Followers
1
Following
Follow
Activity feed
Photos
Reviews
Badges
Travel map
Intro
Perth, Australia
Joined in Aug 2016
villamorantonio wrote a review
Feb 2020
Nice hotel in a very good spot
Great place, service is good and polite. The hotel is in a good spot sorrounded by lots of restaurants. Beach is right in front excellent to swim in summer. Als...
Date of stay: February 2020
Stamford Plaza Adelaide
3,975 reviews
Adelaide, Australia
Helpful
Save
Share
1/8
It was ok
This place is ok as it is one of the best places to stay in the Barossa Valley. If you try to compare the service here to any other south east asian resorts, yo...
Novotel Barossa Valley Resort
2,734 reviews
Rowland Flat, Australia
Jan 2020
It's ok, nothing to rave on about
Once you've seen this place, it's nothing to rave on about. The whole Malacca is very historic though but not much to do.
Date of experience: January 2020
Christ Church
1,072 reviews
Melaka, Malaysia
Average
This hotel is very average but it will do for its value. There really isn't much to do in Malacca if you compare it to Penang Island. So staying in Bayview is j...
Date of stay: January 2020
Bayview Hotel Melaka
594 reviews
1/6
Ok
This place is ok but not worth it travelling all the way here. Just stay in KL and you’ll have a better time.
Jonker Street
6,256 reviews
Great western food meal but
Great western food meal but a bit too overpriced. The servings are quite big and the service was awesome and very helpful.
Date of visit: January 2020
Hard Rock Cafe
1,093 reviews
Unbelievable experience
What an awesome resort and restaurant. One of the best in Hoi an. The resort and restaurant is so relaxing and have a wonderful atmosphere. I would definitely g...
Mulberry Collection Silk Village
2,197 reviews
Hoi An, Vietnam
2 Helpful votes
What a great dining experience.
What a great dining experience. Great food with a 5 star service. Phuong who looked after us was so professional and helpful with everything. She made our dinin...
The Temple Restaurant (Fine dining)
729 reviews
Great foot massage
This is by far the best massage I’ve ever had in Hoi an. Very professional, friendly, clean and value for money. This is worth to try if you are in Hoi an along...
Lemongrass Flavor Spa 2
311 reviews
This is an unbelievable Japanese
This is an unbelievable Japanese restaurant in Hoi an. Vietnamese cuisine is great but I have to give it a break. This is just perfect. It taste exactly like th...
Japanese Style Restaurant Yukian
26 reviews
1/3
Unbelievable
This place is unbelievable. So much history and the food in this place is second to none. We’ve been here 4 times it’s that good. If you are to go, try and go i...
Hoi An Ancient Town
27,008 reviews
Very cheap and bloody brilliant
Very cheap and bloody brilliant home style cooking. So simple but yet so nice and satisfying. Not much to say about the place but the food speaks for itself.
Com Tam Thinh
10 reviews
For what you pay for, this
For what you pay for, this has got to be the worst restaurant we’ve ever been to in Hoi an. Worst than Mango Mango. No need to say anything else, the chicken I ...
Gold Moon Restaurant
283 reviews
1/2
Excellent, cosy and close to everything
If you want to be in the heart of everything, this is the place to be. This hotel is value for money with a French feel to it. I highly recommend this hotel as ...
Hanoi Graceful Hotel
849 reviews
Hanoi, Vietnam
One of the best in Hoi an
This hotel I have to say is one of the best in Hoi an in regards to value for for money. It provides excellent breakfast, very very friendly service, close to ...
RiverTown Hoi An Resort & Spa
4,024 reviews
1 Helpful vote
Massage is excellent
The best massage. The service they provide is excellent. They give hot beads for neck and eyes for you to relax. This is the first massage place I’ve been to th...
Co Spa
19 reviews
Hue, Vietnam
Dec 2019
What an unforgettable experience.
The best place to explore. Forget exploring this before sunrise, avoid the crowd and do it around 9AM. It will be hotter bu not much tourists.
Date of experience: December 2019
Angkor Wat
48,768 reviews
Siem Reap, Cambodia
1/7
Pretty good Resort
This place is quite good. Great people, pool, service. The only down fall is the breakfast time. They seem to have limited staff in busy period therefore your n...
Date of stay: December 2019
Lotus Blanc Resort
4,578 reviews
This is NOT a 4 Star
I just want to let you all know that what I’m writing about this hotel is not out of hatred. This is purely to create awareness for my fellow travellers so that...
La Da Kiri Boutique Hotel
406 reviews
Nov 2019
The food in this place is super amazing
Say no more to this cafe, what an absolutely amazing menu they have. It’s a small intimate cafe but the food is just amazing, it tasted like a restaurant that y...
Date of visit: November 2019
Lot Six Zero
80 reviews
Innaloo, Australia
Show more
Date of stay:
Date of experience:
Date of visit:
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
