Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
naresh134
Dallas, TX30 contributions
0
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Typical Bait and Switch
May 2016 • Couples
For May 20, 2016, my wife and I were booked on one the Paradise Luxury Cruises through our travel agent in Vietnam. We drove 4 hours from Hanoi to Ha Long and found the terminal for Paradise Luxury Cruise. When we tried to check in, the personnel had no record of our reservation! After we showed them our voucher and our guide talked to them, they told us to go to another counter which did not belong to Paradise Cruises. We told them we will not go on another cruise, but only the one we paid for, an "Operations Manager" by the name of Mr. Jade Kamal, came by. He did have our name on this alternate cruise roster because according to him the Luxury Boat we had paid for had developed "mechanical problems". They had sent out an e-mail to our travel agent just as we were arriving to board the boat. This manager had no other way to accommodate us and did not try to explain what was the level of the alternate boat and how they would compensate us for the lower level of the cruise.
At that point we decided to abort our trip and we drove three hours back to Hanoi. Our travel agent provided us hotel room in Hanoi and offered us dinner that night. We do understand that Paradise Cruises has given full refund back to our travel agent, but we do not know if they have done anything else for them to compensate for the trouble they caused us.
By the way, another overnight boat caught fire on May 6, 2016 and the people on board had to be evacuated. It appears that Ha Long Bay has become a huge tourist
operation and the natural beauty that is the object of this type of trip has been replaced by the party cruises and spa treatments on board. There are just too many boats and people on this site now.
Written June 3, 2016
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Sagar D
United Kingdom423 contributions
1
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Beautiful scenery but dismaying amount of rubbish!!!!
We did a 3d2n cruise which was good and have reviewed that elsewhere.

Halong Bay itself is breathtaking in its beauty and I simply loved cruising around the bay and took oodles of photos.
However, I was simply horrified at the amount of floating rubbish. This is a UNESCO site for heavens sake!! I think the staff of the many many cruising boats could help pick out this rubbish. I collected some when kayaking.
It really really upset me. It's so unnecessary and utterly spoils an international heritage site that should be preserved for all.
More needs to be done to deal with the issue of rubbish in the bay. The Vietnamese Govt need to address this issue before it's too late.....
Written May 31, 2016
Julie R
Newton Abbot, UK11 contributions
Polluted and ruined
Apr 2016 • Couples
We were really looking forward to this over night cruise, unfortunately misty weather so visibility poor but could see how beautiful the views would be in better weather and this is no reason for our rating. We were encouraged to swim from back of boat which only two of us did. It appeared clear water at the time. PLEASE DO NOT DO THIS. later on during early evening we were squid fishing and could not believe the amount of sewerage and rubbish pouring into the water from all the boats. Absolutely disgusting I am surprised we did not come down with dysentery. You have this wonderful site but as soon as you look down at the water it makes you feel sick at the garbage floating past. unacceptable when the boat companies are making so much money from tourists that they don't clean up their act.
This completely took away from what should have been a great trip there was good food on board comfortable cabin and the cave visit was amazing.
The boat staff should not allow anyone to swim in this water.
Written April 24, 2016
Peter C
Narrabri, New South Wales, Australia20 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
We are destroying it!!
Before I went on the tour I had heard mixed stories, but mainly it was amazing ' you have to see it'.
Unfortunately that is not the case, in actual fact the tourism industry is destroying this once natural beauty. Pollution is clearly scattered across the bay, plastics, oil slicks from almost every boat. The water is nearly as busy as Hanoi itself with approx 600 boats operating in the area.
The tours on the islands themselves are again destroying the natural environment. Cigarette butts and more litter all around, in the bushes or anywhere else for that matter. I seen some of the staff myself litter. Then the people who want the perfect selfie in the limestone caves stepping over the boundary lines and trampling on top of everything.
Something has to be done about it, but sadly I doubt anything will.
My partner and I felt kind of bad after visiting, and that's not how one should feel after seeing a sight like that.
Thousands of tourists a day visit the place, mega bucks for someone. And that someone needs to spend some of that money on preservation!!!
Written April 16, 2016
tati-mar
Malmö, Sweden48 contributions
Heartbreaking due to pollution!
Apr 2016 • Family
We went on 1 night boat tour of Ha Long Bay. It's easy to see why this was named a wonder of the world and it is absolutely stunning (one of the most amazing natural beauties I've seen) IF you can install a filter from all the rubbish and pollution around you. To be honest I was heartbroken to see what state Ha Long bay is in. I will not exaggerate if I say that it was at times impossible to find a patch of clean water and fresh air. The level of pollution around is staggering. Tons of plastic in the water, smell of fuel in the air because you are constantly surrounded by about a hundred other boats. Our captain said that there are 600 boats leaving each day just from that harbour, many staying overnight running generators for the power/air con and therefore constantly adding pollution. I felt bad because I was contributing to this by being on that boat overnight. I couldn't enjoy it due to all above and wouldn't do it again. I will also write a letter to the ministry of tourism of Vietnam and Unesco asking them to take action to protect Ha Long Bay for the future generations.
Written April 13, 2016
ferenza
Bussum, The Netherlands2 contributions
Aloha Halong Bay Boattrip is terrible!!
Mar 2016 • Friends
There were a lot of promises made, but almost none of them actually happened. One of them was going to the caves.
The first day we were told we couldn't go to the caves, but we could go the next day.
So the first day we almost didn't do anything, except kanooying for 30 minutes. Also, we only sailed for an hour the first day, and then stayed by the peer, doing nothing. We had to wait all the time and there was no one to answer our questions.
Next morning we had to wake up at 6 am (one hour earlier than scheduled) because then it was sure we could go to the caves. After breakfast at 7 am, we had to wait for 3 hours on the (cold) deck, before we finally left the peer and headed to the caves. When we arrived by the entrance of the caves, we were told we couldn't go and we had to go back to the boat. We were promised a 50 percent refund, because we by far didn't get what we paid for. Of course we didn't get the full refund, but only 10 dollars, while we paid 75 dollars.
At night the heating system didn't work and the beds were as hard as wood with only a really thin sheet. It was absolutely freezing! Also, the bathrooms were really dirty.
The cooking classes that were promised were really bad and while we were with 15 people, we only had 3 plates to cook with.
Halong Bay is beautiful, but make sure you choose the right company to do the trip with! Don't choose Aloha!!
Written March 8, 2016
TLDEKL
Toronto, Canada34 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Absolutely Beautiful
Jan 2016 • Couples
If you travel to Vietnam, you must take time for a 2 or 3 day cruise through Halong Bay. I recommend you travel in the spring or summer, when the weather is warmer, so you can take advantage of activities like kayaking in the Bay and swimming and lounging on a beach in the Bay.
Written February 1, 2016
Rowena C
13 contributions
"Au Co Cruise"
Apr 2015 • Couples
This is a very,very special for me.
Unexpected how beautiful Halong Bay is,it is my special experience in my life.
Thank you for all the staff and crew in Au Co Cruise ship,and especially I wanna say thank you to my love because he take me there.
I'll keep this memory forever....and I wish we go back to Vietnam soon!
Arlenecairns
Cairns14 contributions
Fantastic Serene Scenery from Junk Boat
We loved the junk cruise on Halong Bay . It was wonderful even with misty weather. We hiked into the cave and to top of ti top island. Don't miss this if you are anywhere in the area.
Written January 31, 2016
Mumand2kids
Gold Coast, Australia24 contributions
Amazing
Jun 2015 • Couples
We had a two night stay on a junk.
We payed a little more for the junk, but was well worth the money. The food was amazing, staff were fabulous, the activities were great. Kayaking amongst the islands into little lagoons, tour to an inside cave( was amazing), floating village tour, a climb to the top of a island/Rock( absolute killer, but worth the view when you get to top), swimming, so much to see and do.
Written January 29, 2016
…
46
47
48
Showing results 461-470 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Dallas, TX
30 contributions
transparency report
United Kingdom
423 contributions
Newton Abbot, UK
11 contributions
Narrabri, New South Wales, Australia
20 contributions
Malmö, Sweden
48 contributions
Bussum, The Netherlands
Toronto, Canada
34 contributions
Cairns
14 contributions
Gold Coast, Australia
24 contributions
