Honeymoons
Sign up
Login
5 Day Maui Adventure
Maui, Hawaii
Mar 2 - Mar 6, 2023
Getaway, 5 days, 2 people
Interests: Beach, Wellness & Spas, Luxury
Vibe: Adventure
Considerations: Looking for a romantic yet adventurous trip through Maui!
Trip Designer: Travis D
Keyboard shortcuts
Map data ©2024 Google
Terms
Report a map error
Day 1
Flight from Boston Logan International Airport (BOS) to Kahului Airport (OGG)
Airport Transfer to Car Rental
A complimentary rental car tram will take you from the airport to the rental car agency just a few minutes away. Your rental car will be waiting for you and from there it’s just a 30 minute drive to Hotel Wailea!
Check in at Hotel Wailea
Hotel Wailea is, without a doubt, the most romantic hotel on Maui. It's a magical hidden gem that is often overlooked because it does not sit oceanfront. However, this fact does not diminish the breathtaking views of the pacific ocean from every vantage point. Hotel Wailea is an adult-only intimate boutique property that never disappoints even the hardest to please. Beautiful accommodations, spectacular views, over the top service. It's perfection in paradise.
Hotel Wailea
(1,857)
555 Kaukahi Street, Wailea, Maui, HI 96753-5469
1 (808) 419-7280
Day 2
Farm to Table Breakfast at O'o Farms
O'o Farms is an organic farm in upcountry Maui that grows coffee, fruit, vegetables and herbs and supplies some of the finest restaurants in Maui with its bounty. They offer a tour of the farm with a history lesson and end with a delicious farm to table meal.
Exclusive access to private tours
Jungle Zipline Tour
Ziplining is one of my favorite activities in Hawaii and I know you two will love the adventure! Zipping through the air among the trees while also taking in the magical Hawaiian scenery is the best.
Jungle Zipline Maui
(224)
Suggested: Sunset at Haleakala
Everyone talks about watching the sunrise on Haleakala, and I admit it is a beautiful sight, but equally (if not more) beautiful is watching the sunset. The unspoken beauty of the sunset viewing is the experience of driving down the mountain during twilight. The colors will take your breath away.
Day 3
Lei Po'o Workshop at Haku Maui
This is not your ordinary lei workshop -- this is so much more. ⁠This is an opportunity to learn about the beautiful Hawaiian culture, set your positive intentions, connect lovingly with yourself and make something beautiful that you can bring home. If you want to fall in love with Hawaii simply spend some time with Brit @hakumaui - she has a beautiful soul that she lovingly shares with everyone she teaches in this workshop.⁠
Start planning with Travis for a full personalized itinerary
Learn more about planning a trip with a Reco Trip Designer. Chats occur in our secure portal. Chatting is always free. If it’s a good match, you’ll have the option to hire for $200.
Match with an Hawaii expert
View Travis’s Profile
Support
Policy
Get help
FAQs
Join as a Trip Designer
Legal
Terms of use
Privacy and cookie statement
Copyright policy
Community guidelines
© 2024 TAMG Ventures Co. All rights reserved. Tripadvisor is a registered trademark of TripAdvisor LLC in the US and other countries.
