Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Outdoor Pool in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Outdoor Pool
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Outdoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Outdoor pool
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Danitel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
13 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Word can’t describe my stay Lovely hotel with high quality of facilities . Comfortable bed , big pool view the best view as a heart of Ha Long Bay . Staffs take care me a lot and support everything single..."
"A Great trip with Hien our lovely girl from Hanoi. We see a beautiful Halong bay on a great day on top service. For sure, we definitely will come back to vietnam and halong bay again to see you all. Thank you very..."
Visit hotel website
BMC Thang Long
50 reviews
In Halong Bay
#63 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked one night here before jumping on a cruise to Ha Long Bay. First impressions were good, large lobby and reception area. Friendly staff on reception. Hotel is well located for cruises to Ha Long Bay, 5..."
"We went here for a one night stay the day before our boat tour. The internet speed is poor and sometimes non existent. The bed sheets are not replaced. Evidently as one of the them had hairs on it. The rooms are..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Outdoor pool
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#24 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about..."
"Booked this hotel last min. Service was great but just like other reviews this hotel has seen better days. We booked the family room which is very large and had 2 separate sleeping rooms and bathrooms, and has a..."
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
"Mithrin Hotel has spacious, clean rooms. Ours had a view of the bay, which was nice. There is no walk-in shower in the bathroom, you have to climb into the slippery tub. Breakfast was good with enough choice. We..."
Top Rated
2023
Paradise Suites Hotel
949 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We had a very nice welcome at the hotel, all the staff it’s very friendly and kind all the time. The food at the Restoran its delicious and the rooms very very comfortable. The have a piano and they let me play (I’m..."
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
Le Jardin Homestay Ha Long
0 reviews
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
115 reviews
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
#2 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Hera Hotel
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
#23 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you..."
"Arriving via free shuttlebus from the new Van Don Airport (avoiding Noi Ba Airport and Hanoi), Ha Long City was a pleasant surprise....nice wide footpaths, relatively clean and not too hectic. Not to be confused..."
New Star Ha Long Hotel
67 reviews
#25 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel and walkable area to see what there is to see of the town ... not much in the town except as a waystation for the boats really. But, you can see the local shops and everyday life. Hotel itself is..."
"We stayed here for 1 night 2 days. Hotel is actually in 2 buildings where we stayed in one and the breakfast was in the other building. The rooms were comfortable with all necessary amenities. The beds were..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#15 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A good hotel in Ha Long City and great staffs. Everyone there was up to their feet to help out. We stayed our whole 3 nights with this hotel and it was a memorable stay. Thanks to each one of them. Cafe on the first..."
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#22 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Halong Seoul Hotel
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
#39 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix my..."
"It is totally one of the best stay of mine in Ha Long after many visits here. Location Tip: Only 5 minutes from the port, great for a quick breakfast or snack before boarding your ship! Food Tip: Try the Pho..."
Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
#12 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know the..."
"We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Outdoor Pool
San Juan
Shanghai
The largest city in China is also its most cosmopolitan, offering visitors a chance to experience the past, present, and future all at once. The Huangpu River splits Shanghai into two districts: Pudong and Puxi. The Pudong skyline looks like it was ripped from the Jetsons, with the bulbous Oriental Pearl TV and Radio Tower looking a bit like a two headed lollipop. On the Puxi side, you can walk the Bund riverside district to get a taste of old Shanghai.
Read more
Awaji-shima
Shimoda
Kamchatka Krai
Echuca
Hunter Valley
Ballarat
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Jambiani
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with outdoor pool
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay have a swim-up bar?
Do any hotels with outdoor pool in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
