Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Non-smoking hotel
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Sunsea Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
2 reviews
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"The photo looked good but we were surprised to see that the hotel was still being built - there were rooms still incomplete. One floor had an open bathroom on the landing. There was no TV - not even Vietnamese..."
Nhat Khoa Motel
1 review
In Halong Bay
#44 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The hotel is located in nice place, lake overview. It was easy to travel Ha Long bay, Ha Long park. The room was clean but bathroom is not inside room. It was really inconvenience.The owner was friendly and helpful."
Thang Long Guesthouse
#32 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Lovely. Simply lovely. Highly recommend I experienced a great stay. Nguyen & Beo were the most helpful & accommodating hosts. Thank you for looking after me & for arranging my trips. I was looked after like a king. "
Phoenix Hotel Ha Long
12 reviews
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great hotel with prime location, very closed to local market called “Cai Dam” with seafood & specialities. You can walk from the hotel to the beach. The hotel is clean, neat, staff is so friendly & well service..."
"I am not hesitative to rate 5 stars for Phoenix Hotel. I was recommended about Phoenix which is the newest and most amazing furnished hotel in Halong and my decision was right. My room was very clean and neat that..."
1001 Nights Hotel - 27 Huong Tram
4 reviews
#13 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Stayed here for 5 nights and were warmly welcomed by the staff, we were given a room with a beautiful view overlooking the bay. Very clean with good facilities as well. The owner was very kind and even gave us a..."
"Stayed here for our time in Halong. Owner assisted in setting up a tour trip of the bay, transportation from hotel back up to hanoi, transportation while staying there, had great recommendation for food nearby, even..."
Zostay Halong Backpackers
14 reviews
#46 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The location is convenient for those joining the halong bay international marathon. But we had a horrible experience staying here. We stayed at the mixed dorm. We booked earlier and we thought there was pre assigned..."
"I had the most amazing stay at Zostay Halong Backpackers. I stayed in the dorm room, good WiFi, delicious breakfast and all very clean. The hostel is in a great location with lots of cafes/restaurants nearby. The..."
Ho Tay Hotel
11 reviews
#47 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel in the center. Nothing to do in the city, except for the boat trips. Don't book any activities/trips/tours/bus tickets through this hotel. They ask 800.000 Dong per person for a sleeping bus ticket to..."
"We went there on holidays, and the price seemed good at first, and a good location. However, we had many surprises : - the bed's matresses were so thin it was hurting us all night - the host gave us bad..."
Thuy Nga Hotel
#36 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Alex Hotel
87 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We stayed at Alex hostel for 2 nights to do the ha long bay day cruise, Alex helped us to book the trip, gave us a free drink on arrival and water for the day we left. He helped us book a bus to ninh binh a few..."
"We are the families with kids and our kids want to visit the Sun World Halong park. The hotel is located less than 5mins walk from the amusement park. Have good wifi and hot shower. Free breakfast of bread, eggs and..."
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
Hai Sam Hotel
#56 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Halong Buddy Inn & Travel
#29 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I stayed in this hostel for one night. Halong city is beautiful, and this hostel is located in a good location. Not too far from the amusement park with lots of cools shops and restaurants around it. The rooms are..."
"Very friendly and welcoming! Full body massage with hot stones by the most friendly lady is a must! Happy hour with free beer from 8-9pm for supper is nice. Food good. Stayed in room 502- Comfy beds and balcony"
Quynh Yen hotel
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"This hotel is run by a mother & daughter. The daughter, Tra, speaks very good English so communication wasn't a problem. She was very friendly & helpful from asking for clean towels to booking a taxi. She even took..."
"I think if you looking for the hotel with good sẻvice so i think this is the best one for you guys. The owner speak English not well much but with body language and google translate , it's not a big deal ! Perfect..."
Dien Luc Bai Chay Hotel
#64 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"The only good thing about this hotel is its location close to the amusement park, restaurants and seafront. Everything else is terrible. The staff are unfriendly hostile and most cannot speak English. The breakfast..."
"Probably hotel with the great potential in Ha long Bay. Nice view, relatively clean and new hotel just 20-30 meters from the water. However, the hotel staff are TERRIBLE !!! They do not speak English, they do not..."
Sun Bay Hotel
24 reviews
4.1 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"Out of the way, room Smelt like cigarette smoke, no sound proofing at all and could here all the rooms around yours and people outside as well. The staff were friendly and as helpful but spoke no English at all and..."
"Everything was nice but can be improved. Good location is the best attribute of the hotel. Simple and functional hotel with a touch (or attempt) of class. Local food at breakfast. Rooms clean and functional."
Danitel
13 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"Word can’t describe my stay Lovely hotel with high quality of facilities . Comfortable bed , big pool view the best view as a heart of Ha Long Bay . Staffs take care me a lot and support everything single..."
"A Great trip with Hien our lovely girl from Hanoi. We see a beautiful Halong bay on a great day on top service. For sure, we definitely will come back to vietnam and halong bay again to see you all. Thank you very..."
Visit hotel website
Central Halong Hotel
#17 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Never rent this thong nhat 2 agiain the worst hotel I never seen, WiFi not working in the room drop connection all the times WiFi has signal but can not get connect to internet Have to go to main floor to get..."
Number One Hotel
0 reviews
#15 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Viet Nhat Halong Hotel
42 reviews
#7 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with very nice and helpful owners. The place is also clean and the shower was good. Warm water because every room has it’s own boiler. We had a great stay. The mattresses are a bit firm though but that’s..."
"Perched on a slope of one of the hills surrounding Halong, this hotel was situated conveniently. Glide down the hill and you get to the food, banks, coffeeshops and tourist attractions. We got the top room. Nice and..."
Thuy Duong Hotel Ha Long
32 reviews
#66 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Room was dirty, had roaches, TV and outlets did not work, beds were bricks. The lobby had a running motorcycle giving of exhaust and people were asleep in there too. Gave two stars because at least the view from..."
"The woman and main owner is completely disinterested in helping you or conversing with you in any way. She stated she could not so our washing one day, for what reason I do not know why, she did not give me one. The..."
Hong Minh Ha Long Hotel
#57 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Awful smell, the builgind obviously has a serious problem with mold! The room was big and clean enough, bed was ok, sheets were clean and they have hot water. Wifi was useless. The hotel is good only for a one night..."
"We only ended up at the Hong Minh as we were on a cheap coach tour booked through a travel agent in China (my wife is Chinese). An awful hotel, to be avoided at all costs. The place was not helped by the fact..."
Halong Ecolodge
9 reviews
#8 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Halong bay is quite touristic and crowed, normal hotels are next to each other or close to the streets but this one is different. It is isolated from the rest, lies in the middle of a hill and has home-stay style..."
"After a few days in Hanoi, it was a great relief to stay there for a calm night in the middle of the nature. There was a karaoke in the main building that night but the private deluxe room for couple is quite far..."
Hoang Lan Hotel
16 reviews
#65 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A basic hotel room in an area with local eating spots, tour offices and within walking distance of Dragon World. Sleeping area was clean, but bathroom badly needed attention. Mold around the sink and wall and old..."
"The rooms are decent size and have hot water and television. WiFi worked well and was surprisingly fast! Otherwise, this is a pretty average place. Staff are a bit cold and unfriendly. Price is about average for..."
Missing:Hotels & MotelsNon-smoking hotel
Top Rated
Bhaya The Classic Cruise
124 reviews
#1 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The 2-day boat trip was simply fantastic. The staff, the food and the service were simply great. It was my birthday on the first day and the shipping company gave me an upgrade to a suite. Mega great. Then there was..."
"A terrific experience with a fabulous room at the front of the boat with a private sundeck (only two on board). Cabins were small but adequate; beautiful deck area and terrific scenery on Halong Bay. The bay is..."
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Non-smoking hotel
Best Seller
2023
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
Paradis Hotel
Phong Lan Hotel Halong
Hung Lam Resort
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
