Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
THE BEST Halong Bay Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
1 of 474 properties is available and matches your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 1 Luxury Beach Resorts in Halong Bay
"Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination."
"a luxurious hotel on its own island.. staff very attentive .. Pools and grounds are amazing a truly luxury hotel ."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Da Nang
Da Nang is laid-back and friendly, maybe because everyone you meet has just finished an amazing meal. Culinary tours are a hugely popular way to experience literal local flavor. After you’ve stuffed yourself with bold noodle soups and savory street foods, walk it off by exploring the limestone caves and Buddhist grottos of the Marble Mountains.
Read more
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
South Goa District
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Luxury
Missing:BeachfrontResort
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I had the opportunity to attend the Athena Group event held at Muong Thanh luxury Ha Long center."
"Nice luxury hotel in Ha Long"
Matches:LuxuryBeachfront
Missing:Resort
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We were a group of friends, relaxing after visiting Hanoi and the north of the country but this resort would suit families or individuals looking for a relaxing stay in 5* luxury."
"The area is very nicely designed with lush greenery, beautiful plants around, a lot of people taking care of it."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
"Hello travelers, We searched for a beach resort at cat ba. The sunrise is a quite good choice, but it is a public beach. In the early morning and evening, the beach is crowed! The hotel makes advertisement with..."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Nice hotel Friendly staff Excellent view Kid club, my baby love it Near cat co 3 beach, it is so beautifull There are 3 swimming pool, clean and pretty view You can see sunset on 11 floor All of rooms have see vie..."
"Staying here, we felt the most relaxed and peaceful with the incredible views, beautiful decor, wonderful pool, and easy beach access."
A La Carte Ha Long Bay Hotel
70 reviews
1.9 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Lovely atmosphere, relaxing luxury!"
"Luxurious Hotel with good spa"
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
"I stayed here for one night with my friends, price of room is not cheaper than other 5 star resort. However, service was unbelievable, from reception to restaurant I would say for 3 star only. The way they talk and..."
Hotel Tecco Do Son
9 reviews
24.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 4 Specialty lodging in Do Son
"Amazing hotel on the beach. Thanks to lovely staff, they are so polite. I got a little bit problem but they responded vere quick.Good room service. Nice property! Good experience. I like to stay here. Easy to find..."
"The Tecco hotel is the most beautiful view in Do Son . We had a wonderful honeymoon in Tecco hotel. The rooms very clear. The staffs are very friendly and the foods is very excellent. Thank you very much everyone..."
Hoang Gia Minh Hotel
10 reviews
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#41 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"10USD per night for a clean room with aircon, fans and two double beds is not bad. Even had sea view. Pillows was extremely comfortable; mayby the best bed in Vietnam (on our trip) - not hard as another reviewer..."
"We stayed a couple of nights in Cat Ba and paid about $14 per night for a clean room with a hot shower and a comfortable bed which we thought was good value for the money. The place is fairly modern inside and it..."
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
In Halong Bay
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"If like us you like to travel independently, and you fancy a trip to Ha Long Bay, then come to DeLaSea; they are kind, friendly and helpful, the hotel has very nice clean rooms, it’s a good base for your boat trip."
"Very fancy."
Visit hotel website
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
15 reviews
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#10 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Very close to seaside promenade which is nice for a walk or morning jog."
"Best Western Sapphire Ha Long was one of the few hotels where we could preselect ocean view room instead of it being up to chance/luck."
Matches:ResortBeachfront
Missing:Luxury
Catba Water Park Resort
3 reviews
#90 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"It's no more lasting name as water park resort for nearly 10 year. The previous owner has change the name of resort before he had to sell it to the new guy who run business in Hải Phong due to his trouble with other..."
"This Waterpark has been remarketed as the 4 star Cat Ba Resort and Spa Hotel but it is far from that. It is still a Waterpark in every sense except the waterslides are dry. The standard rooms are very tired and the..."
Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
17.3 miles from Halong Bay
#51 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Matches:ResortLuxury
Missing:Beachfront
FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
5.3 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"Heartfelt thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience."
"I stayed with my parents at @flc.hotelsandresorts in Ha Long Bay, Vietnam and here’s my feedback ⬇️ 👉 Truly a luxurious stay."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Southern Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"Like a prison. Staffed by incompetent fools. Beds like marble slabs. Noise level like a hammer factory. Remote location with no nearby amenities. A simple misunderstanding, completely their fault, led to 9 hours of..."
"Where to start. We arrived at midday and the place was locked up. After about 20 minutes of standing around someone opened up. Room was large and spacious with a balcony and view of the harbour and this is the only..."
Hotel Bai Tu Long
#44 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
3.5 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The beach is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy."
"That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family."
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
May House Hotel
4 reviews
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay."
"Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from main beach but perfect services and clean, quiet !"
Victory Halong Hotel
5 reviews
#9 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Nice hotel at the central of tourism area. The hotel close to the beach, we stay here for 2 days and we enjoy the time at here. The staff very helpful the give us so many information of Halong city. I will be back"
"I have a great time here in a short trip to Halong bay, it's such a great hotel in town! The furniture make me feel cozy and make this hotel being comfortable in atmosphere. The bed is very comfortable, room..."
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Sunsea Hotel
2 reviews
#6 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"The photo looked good but we were surprised to see that the hotel was still being built - there were rooms still incomplete. One floor had an open bathroom on the landing. There was no TV - not even Vietnamese..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Roma Star Hotel
#37 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
#91 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is..."
Central Halong Hotel
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Never rent this thong nhat 2 agiain the worst hotel I never seen, WiFi not working in the room drop connection all the times WiFi has signal but can not get connect to internet Have to go to main floor to get..."
Golden Gem Tuan Chau Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"Right up there with the best of the best ! Loved everything from the warm welcoming staff to the beautiful views of harbor and beach. A thank you to the owner, he helped us a lot and made our stay memorable. Will..."
"Had to book a hotel last minute due to a snag in our travel plans. Found this hotel on booking.com. Our options were very limited since it was a holiday weekend for Vietnam. We soon learned that this hotel was brand..."
Thuy Duong Hotel Ha Long
32 reviews
#66 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Room was dirty, had roaches, TV and outlets did not work, beds were bricks. The lobby had a running motorcycle giving of exhaust and people were asleep in there too. Gave two stars because at least the view from..."
"The woman and main owner is completely disinterested in helping you or conversing with you in any way. She stated she could not so our washing one day, for what reason I do not know why, she did not give me one. The..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Luxury Beach Resorts information
Luxury Beach Resorts Halong Bay
Luxury Beach Resorts Prices From
$63
Luxury Beach Resorts Reviews
1,227
Luxury Beach Resorts Photos
1,701
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
1 of 474
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of luxury, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
Vinpearl Halong Hotel offers a perfect blend of
luxury
, comfort, and natural beauty, making it a must-visit destination.
a luxurious hotel on its own island.. staff very attentive .. Pools and grounds are amazing a truly luxury hotel .
a luxurious hotel on its own island.. staff very attentive .. Pools and grounds are amazing a truly
luxury hotel
.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
I had the opportunity to attend the Athena Group event held at Muong Thanh luxury Ha Long center.
I had the opportunity to attend the Athena Group event held at Muong Thanh
Ha Long center.
Nice luxury hotel in Ha Long
Nice luxury
hotel in Ha Long
We were a group of friends, relaxing after visiting Hanoi and the north of the country but this resort would suit families or individuals looking for a relaxing stay in 5* luxury.
We were a group of friends, relaxing after visiting Hanoi and the north of the country but this resort would suit families or individuals looking for a relaxing stay in 5*
The area is very nicely designed with lush greenery, beautiful plants around, a lot of people taking care of it.
The area is very nicely designed with
lush greenery
, beautiful plants around, a lot of people taking care of it.
Nice hotel Friendly staff Excellent view Kid club, my baby love it Near cat co 3 beach, it is so beautifull There are 3 swimming pool, clean and pretty view You can see sunset on 11 floor All of rooms have see vie...
Nice hotel Friendly staff Excellent view Kid club, my baby love it Near cat co 3
beach
, it is so beautifull There are 3 swimming pool, clean and pretty view You can see sunset on 11 floor All of rooms have see vie...
Staying here, we felt the most relaxed and peaceful with the incredible views, beautiful decor, wonderful pool, and easy beach access.
Staying here, we felt the most relaxed and peaceful with the incredible views, beautiful decor, wonderful pool, and
easy beach access
Lovely atmosphere, relaxing luxury!
Lovely atmosphere, relaxing
!
Luxurious Hotel with good spa
Luxurious Hotel
with good spa
If like us you like to travel independently, and you fancy a trip to Ha Long Bay, then come to DeLaSea; they are kind, friendly and helpful, the hotel has very nice clean rooms, it’s a good base for your boat trip.
If like us you like to travel independently, and you
fancy
a trip to Ha Long Bay, then come to DeLaSea; they are kind, friendly and helpful, the hotel has very nice clean rooms, it’s a good base for your boat trip.
Very fancy.
Very
Very close to seaside promenade which is nice for a walk or morning jog.
Very close to
seaside promenade
which is nice for a walk or morning jog.
Best Western Sapphire Ha Long was one of the few hotels where we could preselect ocean view room instead of it being up to chance/luck.
Best Western Sapphire Ha Long was one of the few hotels where we could preselect
ocean view room
instead of it being up to chance/luck.
Heartfelt thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience.
Heartfelt thanks to FLC Halong Bay Golf Club &
Luxury Resort
for providing me with such a wonderful and memorable experience.
I stayed with my parents at @flc.hotelsandresorts in Ha Long Bay, Vietnam and here’s my feedback ⬇️ 👉 Truly a luxurious stay.
I stayed with my parents at @flc.hotelsandresorts in Ha Long Bay, Vietnam and here’s my feedback ⬇️ 👉 Truly a
luxurious stay
The beach is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy.
The
is literally on your door, but if you don’t fancy the walk then you can be picked up via a large golf buggy.
That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
That is a great resort with
private beach
in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the beach, made for a very comfortable stay.
Quality finish in the rooms, good quality restaurants, gym and pool, and a great roof top bar - all close to the
, made for a very comfortable stay.
Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from main beach but perfect services and clean, quiet !
Really Good hotel in Halong, location is little so far from
main beach
but perfect services and clean, quiet !
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
