Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayTours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Sightseeing Tours
Sightseeing Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Product Categories
Bus Tours
Ports of Call Tours
Multi-day Tours
Sightseeing Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
See All Tour Operators
921 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
1,367
Adventure Tours
2 days
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beache…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 96% of travelers
from
$125
per adult
Reserve
2. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
1,438
6–12 hours
Get out on the water and escape the crowds on land during a cruise that offers the best views of Halong Bay. Ideal for first…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$50
3. Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
251
Enjoy amazing views of the UNESCO-listed landscape with our 5 star cruise. Dragon bay cruise with 25 cabins which are all…
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$159
4. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
1,669
Our boats start from Cat Ba island, which is more beautiful and more interesting than Ha Long city. We avoid the crowd, …
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$157
2023
5. Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
1,896
Full-day Tours
11–12 hours
Highlights with Cozy Bay Premium 5 Star Cruise - Halong Full-Day Trip: - Shuttle Bus 2 ways by expressway. - 5 star cruise…
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$56
6. Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
537
6+ hours
Escape Hanoi and discover Ha Long Bay, the Ha Long Warf, Sung Sot Cave, and the tranquil Ti Top Island. Kayak at Luon Cave…
7. PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
415
Lunch Cruises
9–11 hours
Halong Bay 1-day tour is for travelers who have little time and want to experience the most beautiful part of the Bay.  …
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$82
8. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
$38
9. Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,343
===>>> New and comfort private cabin with balcony and bathtub ===>>> Depart from the harbor, no need to take speedboat ===>>> …
$160
10. Ha Long Bay Luxury Cruise by Sea Octopus from Hanoi by Expressway
Offering a fun-filled day trip of up to 7,5 hours with many activities, Luxury Day Cruise is a new and ideal choice for …
$78
11. Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
Halong Bay day trip from Hanoi - best choice when you don't have much time Taking a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong …
$39
12. Halong 6 hours Boat tour with Cave, Kayak, lunch, transfer high-way from Hanoi
80
10–11 hours
6 hours boat tour to visit the striking, passages uninhabited islets and outcrops have been given imaginative names by the…
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$18
13. Best seller Halong Bay Day cruise: Sung Sot cave, Titop, kayaking
1,033
Highlight: Cruising for a full day around Halong Bay with a professional guide and crew - Choosing a longer Journey on …
$58
14. From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
4WD Tours
- Cruising along beautiful bays at less touristic area - Swimming at deserted beach - Kayaking through caves and hidden…
$29
15. Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
54
You don’t need days to experience the beauty of Halong Bay. The 6hour Luxury Cruise will help you have all highlights as…
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$75
16. Deluxe Ha Long Bay 6 Hours Cruise By Limousine And Small Group
445
Do not hesitate to book a tour with us: * Spend 6 hours on a cruise to explore the beauty of Ha Long bay. * Visiting …
$55
17. Best Halong Bay Tour On Luxury Excursion Cruise 6 Hours Cruising
152
Enjoying scenic driving through the Red River Delta of Northern Vietnam Admiring stunning limestone rock formation from…
$52
18. CozyBay Boutique 2D1N Kayak, Swiming ,Titop, Cave, Expressway way
545
This boutique two-days cruise around Ha Long Bay is stacked with activities and visits to some of the Bay’s beautiful beaches…
19. Diamond Halong 5-Star Day Cruise,Cave,Kayak,Jacuzzi Pool,Buffet
134
You will admire the beauty of Halong Heritages with Diamond luxury 5-star cruise which has a luxurious and elegant design…
20. Half Day Explore Halong Bay With Lunch, Sung Sot Cave, Titop Island and Kayaking
36
6 hours
Halong Bay day trip from Halong city, led by a knowledgeable guide Take a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong Bay Kayak…
Discover Stateline
Find out why travelers like you are raving about Stateline
Explore now
21. Lan Ha Bay Boutique Cruise 2D/1N: Kayaking, Swimming at the pristine places
115
Cruising in Lan Ha bay Visiting pristine places in Lan Ha bay Do kayaking & Swimming at the Ba Trai Dao Beach Do biking…
$140
22. Luxury Lan Ha Bay Full Day Boat tour from Cat Ba island
210
Small group tour for max 25 people Our tour will go to all less touristy area of Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long bay We have the…
$48
23. Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
9
For everyone who wants to experience the landscapes of the heritage region of Cat Ba archipelago and Ha Long Bay. We organize…
$26
24. Bai Tu Long bay Luxury Cruise 2D/1N: Less touristy places, Kayaking, full meals
18
Cruising in Halong bay & Bai Tu Long bay Visiting deeply Bai Tu Long bay where less touristy Visiting Vung Vieng fishing…
$180
25. Oasis Bay Party Cruise 2 Days 1 Night
307
Spring Break
The Oasis Bay Party Cruise is the newest edition to our fleet and is one of the most unique and unmatched social cruising…
$139
SPECIAL OFFER
26. 3 Days Luxury Tour Ninh Binh and Ha Long Bay 5 stars Cruise
2
Luxury Car Tours
3 days
Explore Northern Vietnam on a guided 3-day boat trip from Hanoi with transportation, accommodation, and meals included. …
$330$297
27. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Full Day Cruise Trip
241
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$109
28. Halong Bay boat Tour 4 hours from Halong city
44
4 hours
- 2 shifts to go everyday: 8.00 AM to 12h00 and 12h00 to 4.00 PM (please note in your booking) - Short time for Bamboo boat…
$16
29. Halong 6 hours boat tour from Hanoi All Inclusive
3
$40
30. Halong Bay Day Tour Included Bus
451
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$55$50
1
…
Showing results 1-30 of 921
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Go628771
3 contributions
A fun full on itinerary
Cozy Bay cruise is a great way to see Ha Long Bay. The boat itself has seen better days but our room on board was clean, the bed was comfy and the shower was hot. You could lay on the bed and have a wonderful view of the bay from the window. It’s a full on itinerary and you do feel a bit like you’re on the tourist conveyer belt when you visit the caves. But they’re worth it - very impressive and it’s a huge cave system. But what really makes this trip is the hospitality and hard work of the staff and the excellent and abundant food. You do have to pay for drinks and they served some fancy cocktails. It will also depend on the group you’re with - we had a young backpacker crowd on our boat and we were by far the oldest. They were a lively lot and this made it very entertaining - especially watching those that wanted to perform karaoke. You also get to go kayaking and you get a cookery class! Mr Lee was our host and he was always polite helpful and cheerful. In my opinion this trip is great value for money. The only sad part is the amount of rubbish on the water. We did see one small boat collecting it but they need to keep this beautiful water clean for visitors and wildlife to continue to enjoy.
Read more
Review of: CozyBay Cruise-The Best Small Group 2D/1N inHalong-All inclusive
Written March 8, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Never Again
2 contributions
0
What a DAY
Phong - Our tour guide was beyond amazing.

He provided a thorough iteneary as soon as everyone got on the bus.
He was very engaging with the crowd and kep it very entertaining.
I really enjoyed learning the history of Ha Long Bay and loved the legend.
I highly recommend this trip and make sure you get Phong as your tour guide
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - best selling: Kayaking, Swimming, hiking & Lunch
Written March 7, 2024
Rebecca P
1 contribution
I wrote this review myself
A very fun trip. Highly recommend. Mr Lee was a great guide and very helpful and fun. Loved the cooking class by him. Thank you and see soon
Review of: Halong Dragon Bay 5 Star Cruise 2D1N-All Inclusive,Cave,Transfer
Georg P
100% recommend this tour
Amazing tour! Perfect mix of activities and time to enjoy the stunning views! We were amazed how few other tourists we saw since Hang, our guide, knew exactly when and where to go to avoid the crowds. The food was crazy good, we‘ve rarely seen that big of a variaty for vegetarian food.
Big thanks once more to our guide Hang, who was always cheerful, helpful and explained a lot about vietnamese culture and the nature.
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay - Dau Be island 2D/1N from Cat Ba in less touristy areas.
Written March 9, 2024
Daniel S
4 contributions
Thanks to Tim and the bus driver we had an amazing time!
We loved it.
Thanks to Tim who went above and beyond for all of us to make sure that we got an amazing experience. 1 day was enough for us. Picked us up at our hotel
Review of: Cozy Bay Halong 5-Star Day Cruise, Buffet, Cave, Kayak, Swimming
Gek A
Halong Bay one day trip!
It was a great trip to halong guided by mr. sunny funny! i thought it was gonna be tiring for me to join a tour but it was a pleasant trip. recommended the trip leaded by mr sunny!
Review of: Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour - Cave, Kayaking, Swimming & Lunch
Written March 10, 2024
anandu a
Los Angeles, CA26 contributions
Halong Bay Great Tour
We booked a private tour with a group of friends on our cruise stop in halong bay. Didn’t know what to expect but we are so happy we booked this tour. Robert was amazing from start to finish, very communicative and responsive. He was extremely patient because the number of participants kept changing and he worked with us to put together a program that would maximize the time we had in port.
He met us at the pier and got us a magnificent boat, boat was new and spotless. We sailed through the beauty of the bay and also had a stop at the caves. The Thien Cung cave was truly magical and so beautiful. We also had the chance to kayak if we wanted to and also had the bamboo boat experience.
This is a really really nice tour but was made that much more special by Robert’s professionalism and attentiveness. Thank you so much for making a stay here very memorable and special, we really had a great time !
Review of: PRIVATE TOUR HALONG BAY ONE DAY with Cave, Kayaking, Bamboo Boat
Written March 3, 2024
Cyril M
The best of all our trips in Vietnam
We absolutely loved the tour organised by Cat Ba Ventures. It was so much fun with jumping off the boat from roughly 5meters high and did some flips. The kayaking was phenomenal to see amazing stalactites and stalagmites in caves and serene lagoons. Hang was the best and also the highlight of our trip who made this trip special. It worths paying extra money than 32$!
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
m jesus P
Halong bay
Alex was a fantastic guide tour for us. He's very polite, kind and a helpful person. It's been a pleasure to meet him. He's got a sweet heart too. Very important for us.
Review of: Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
Alun C
Falkirk, UK1 contribution
Ha Long bay trip from Hanoi
Fantastic trip. Would definitely recommend it. It was cloudy but still spectacular and the cave is amazing. The highlight of my trip to Hanoi.
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
Written February 28, 2024
yngcords
Bristol, UK25 contributions
Excellent and Great Price
Willy is a brilliant tour guide! The itinerary is perfect. I spoke to others that did 2 day 2 night tour and they said it was unnecessary. The buffet lunch was excellent great options for veggies and vegans (lots of tofu).
Review of: Halong 6 hours Boat tour with Cave, Kayak, lunch, transfer high-way from Hanoi
Written January 31, 2024
Phil I
Great Tour
Very nice tour indeed. Anh Hong (Pink) did a very good job in showing us all sights and answering all of our questions. Thanks
Review of: Best seller Halong Bay Luxury 8 hours cruise, All included
Written March 2, 2024
Lovi N
Great tour
Really nice tour and Jack was a great guide. The kayak tour was very nice. Even though it was a bit could we really enjoyed the tour and had a chill nice day! We really recommend it.
Review of: From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
Gašper
Recommended trip to Halong bay in one day
Beautiful trip, very good guide. The van was very comfortable to go to Halong Bay. Everything was as in the tour program. The ship was very nice and a good lunch on it. We have seen many things and drove in a canoe boat. It was a long and amazing trip.
Review of: Halong Luxury Cruise Full Day Tour from Hanoi: All inclusive
Written January 1, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
What are the best places for sightseeing tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best sightseeing tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best sightseeing tours in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best sightseeing tours in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best sightseeing tours in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the most romantic sightseeing tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best sightseeing tours in Halong Bay for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
$330
$297
27.
28.
29.
30.
Los Angeles, CA
26 contributions
Falkirk, UK
Bristol, UK
25 contributions
