Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Quang Tri Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Tri ProvinceThings to Do in Quang Tri ProvinceDay Trips from Quang Tri Province
THE 10 BEST Day Trips from Quang Tri Province
Day Trips from Quang Tri Province
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Show more
Day trips
Quang Tri Province to Vinh Linh
Quang Tri Province to Dong Ha
Quang Tri Province to Khe Sanh
Quang Tri Province to Hue
Product Categories
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
See All Tour Operators
37 places sorted by featured
1. DMZ TOUR HUE - Deluxe group tour full day
116
Historical Tours
10–11 hours
Best way to learn the Vietnam War Small-group tour, maximum of 12 people Tour guide fluent in Vietnam History and accompany…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 93% of travelers
from
$52
per adult
Reserve
2. Dmz tour from Hue - Vinh Moc tunnels car tour
168
6–7 hours
- Visit war sites along highway 1 and Vinh Moc Tunnels. - Flexible visiting time for your itinerary. - Air-conditioned car…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
$75
Cold feet? Book risk-free with free cancellations on most bookings.
3. Dmz tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base
73
- Visit almost must see places in DMZ TOUR, war relics. - Explore Khe Sanh Combat base, Vinh Moc Tunnels. - Flexible time…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$92
4. DMZ TOUR FROM HUE - Deluxe private tour fullday
2
6+ hours
Vietnam's Demilitarized Zone, or DMZ, is the area around the former border between North and South Vietnam. Historically…
$87
5. DMZ with EasyRider - 1 Day
12
6–9 hours
Book a tour to the Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) and witness for yourself the scenes of some of the hardest fought battles in…
$47
6. PRIVATE DMZ Tour from Hue - Half Day - Vinh Moc Tunnels
5
5–6 hours
Best way to learn the Vietnam War Tour guide fluent in Vietnam History Visit 3 war museums and relics that leftover from…
$72
7. Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
4
Excellent English-speaking guide who is fluent in Vietnam war history. Learned many things about the resilient will and…
$100
8. DMZ Tour from Hue City, Vietnam
3
8–10 hours
Vietnam Shore Excursions offers the best private DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) Tour for customers from Hue City, Vietnam. We …
$385
per group
9. Hoi an to Khe Sanh Combat Base( Vietnam DMZ) Private Tour
Highlights: - Learn about the war between Vietnam and the USA between 1954 and 1975 Travel up the famous Highway 9, which…
$250
10. Da Nang to Phong Nha Private Car and versa way
Full-day Tours
Door-to-door private car pick up and drop off in the city center area. Friendly, Basic English-speaking driver. It is …
$195
11. Vietnam DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels ) Half Day from Hue
4–6 hours
The Vietnamese DMZ was a Demilitarized Zone established as a dividing line between North and South Vietnam as a result of…
$99
12. DMZ HALF DAY TOUR: Vinh Moc Tunnels
The Ben Hai River was demarcation line between North and South Vietnam During Vietnam-American War. This makes a DMZ- Demilitarized…
$80
13. Full Day Tour (hue – Vinh Moc Tunnel – Khe Sanh –hue)
4WD Tours
Discover some of the places through which Vietnam remembers the Vietnam War on this historical tour from Huê. Instead of…
$85
14. Dong Hoi to Hue Private Car Transfer
It is a door-to-door private car transfer service. Basic English-speaking driver. You can choose the departure time. …
Taking safety measures
$125
15. DMZ - Small Group Tour from Hue City!
Join this unique small group tour to visit one of Vietnam's most historical and interesting places - the Demilitarized Zone…
$57
16. Hue - Phong Nha by Private Car Transfer with DMZ Tour
Bus Tours
5–7 hours
- Traveling on Private Car with Basic English Speaking Driver to enjoy your own discovery to one of the Best National Parks…
$71
17. DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Combat Base) Full Day Tour From Hue
6–8 hours
This tour of Vietnam’s DMZ (Demilitarized Zone) takes you from Hue to the 17th parallel with a knowledgeable guide. Stop…
$140
18. Hue-Vinh Moc Tunnel-Phong Nha drop off or vice versa, cheapest car option
1
- Transfer and sightseeing: Vinh Moc Tunnels, DMZ Vietnam. -Private car transfer with good english speaking driver - Car…
19. Demilitarized zone tour from Hue
Embark on a historical journey delving into the Vietnam-USA war period from 1954 to 1975. Explore the charming region, adorned…
$144
20. Private Half Day Hue to Vinh Moc Tunnels(Vietnam DMZ)
DMZ Tour Vietnam (The Vietnamese demilitarized zone) is famous trip around in Quang Tri Provice for Tourist learn about …
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
Read now
21. DMZ Private Tour to Vinh Moc Tunnels and Khe Sanh Base
5–10 hours
• Experience Vietnam DMZ and surroundings • Learning about historical Vinh Moc Tunnels • Visiting historical Khe Sanh…
$79
22. DMZ - Private Guided Tour from Da Nang- Hoi An City or Hue City
12–14 hours
TOUR PROGRAM : 7:00 am : We will pick you up at your hotel in Da Nang - Hoi An City Or Hue City. We start the DMZ Tour , …
$219
23. Phong Nha to Da Nang by Private Car
Adventure Tours
Phong Nha to Da Nang by private car will take about 6 hours. However you may enjoy beautiful landscapes and make a quick…
$134
24. The Demilitarized Zone outside Hue
To take a step back in time is to get in touch with the once damaging effects of Vietnam’s conflicts. Depicted in many movies…
$145
25. DMZ FULL DAY TOUR: Vinh Moc Tunnels & Khe Sanh Combat Base
11–12 hours
$93
26. Full Day Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
8–9 hours
$130
27. DMZ private tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base from Hue
Benefit from the ease of traveling with your own private guide on a full-day tour to the DMZ that divided North and South…
28. Full-day DMZ TOUR from HUE CITY
The Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) was the site of some of the fiercest and bloodiest battles during the American War and a tour…
$102
29. Hue to Vinh Moc Tunnels & Khe Sanh Combat Base by Private Car
7–8 hours
DMZ Tour from Hue - Vietnam DMZ Tour is the best experience to explore the Vietnamese demilitarized zone. The Vietnam DMZ…
$56
30. Phong Nha to Hoi An by Private Car
7–9 hours
Phong Nha to Hoi An by car will take about 6.5 hours, however, you may enjoy several sceneries and make quick stops along…
$136
Showing results 1-30 of 37
What travelers are saying
diverdave20
East Moriches, NY26 contributions
0
Excellent and informative DMZ tour experience.
My recent DMZ tour with Connect Travel was an excellent experience. It was incredibly interesting, our tour guide Hoa was extremely knowledgeable and informative, and had a lot of insight on the historical background and outcome of the war. It was a definite highlight of my many years traveling to Vietnam!
Read more
Review of: DMZ TOUR HUE - Deluxe group tour full day
Written March 8, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
CC
5 contributions
Excellent tours with knowledgable guides, professional drivers, good English, flexible, very friendly; recommendation!
We had 2 super days with Stop and Go Tours, the organisation was smooth, even though we booked very spontaneously. This tour to the DMZ was fascinating and deeply moving. Our tour guide explained everything really well and gave us enough time to look around properly. Our driver, Mr. Hien, was excellent! He not only drove carefully and without honking all the time, which we appreciated a lot, he also told us so many interesting things about Vietnam and the Hue region that we immediately booked him again for a tour of the ancient tombs around Hue the next day. We were amazed at his English with such a wide vocabulary, which we hadn’t expected of a driver. He went out of his way to make us feel comfortable; the car was immaculate, too. This meeting really proved an unexpected highlight of the excursions around Hue. We went to the Khai Dinh (impressive) and the Minh Mang (serene and beautiful) tombs, amongst others. The fee for the two tours was good value for money.
Review of: Dmz tour from Hue - Vinh Moc tunnels car tour
Written March 2, 2024
Ján M
1 contribution
10/10
Amazing experience. Both Mr. Dung and Mrs. Thach we're amazing and super kind. We got to know many interesting historical facts.
Review of: Dmz tour with Vinh Moc and Khe Sanh Combat base
Written January 20, 2024
Crystal
3 contributions
Fantastic Experience!
Mr Loc picked us up on time with a good driver in an air-conditioned van. He acquired a step for me as I have a sore knee, which was very kind of him. Plus he assisted me in and out of the van.
Mr Loc is very knowledgeable on each place we visited. I very much enjoyed this tour. He is passionate, a very personable and kind gentleman and I would do a tour with him again.
Review of: DMZ TOUR FROM HUE - Deluxe private tour fullday
Written February 22, 2024
Travelbee0493
Beautiful ride
Great guy who showed me beautiful spots on the way from Hue to Da Nang. Fisher village, waterfall, Hai van Pass
and marble mountains. Thank you Yunz!
Review of: DMZ with EasyRider - 1 Day
Written June 19, 2023
Tine R
Copenhagen, Denmark29 contributions
Very good tour!
On privat tour (Four people) with Connect travel, with Ngoc as our guide.
It was a great tour showing the important sites (Quang Tri, Hien Luong Bridge, Vinh Moc tunnels). Our guide Ngoc was very skilled, good at speaking english (very easy to understand) and he knew a lot of things and answered all of our questions, also the ones not regarding the DMZ.
The driver is good and it feld save to drive the two hours from Hue.
Review of: PRIVATE DMZ Tour from Hue - Half Day - Vinh Moc Tunnels
Written January 12, 2024
Michael H
Hue to Phong Nha via DMZ sites
Phong Nha locals were very good to deal with. Prompt, professional and well organized. We took a private car from Hue to Phong Nha with Mr De and we was friendly, helpful and a great driver. We stopped at a few sites in the former DMZ and he was always helpful. Thank you, Mike Hilton, New Zealand
Review of: Vietnam DMZ Tour from Hue
Written December 26, 2023
Angela N
Blackpool, UK7 contributions
Brilliant day out!!
Brilliant day out! Thanks to David our tour guide for an interesting and informative day, highly recommended. Food in the little restaurant was lovely and transport was comfortable. Great day!!
Review of: DMZ Tour from Hue City, Vietnam
Written April 27, 2023
Queen Kavanaugh
8 contributions
Wonderful ride to Don Hoi
My driver, Mr. Linh, was wonderful. Here’s why I rate him five star. He drove at a good pace, not too fast, so that I could really see interesting things along the way, not like a bus or train where things are whizzing by and you can’t take pictures. we stopped at all the points of interest, and he explained to me why they were important. he speaks a little English but when a more detailed explanation was needed he did not hesitate to use his translator to type in English so I can understand the importance of each place we stopped at. When we were up in the clouds, that part of the drive, saw a cloud shaped like a dragon. The wind was pushing it down into the valley.it looked like the dragon was visiting the valley. I wanted a picture of this unique thing but I was afraid to climb up on the ledge to take the picture so he climbed up there for me and took a video I would highly recommend if you want a private driver who is going to treat you like you are special ask for Mr. Linh
Review of: Da Nang to Phong Nha Private Car and versa way
Written February 21, 2024
Giorgio C
Great experience with a great guide, amazing sites
Super interesting tour, Chuong, our guide,has been great, he gave us so many information about the history of all the sites we visited (Vinh Moc Tunnels, Hien Luong Bridge, war museum)
Onestly a great organisation and very interesting sites, really worth to be visited.
Review of: Vietnam DMZ Tour (Vinh Moc Tunnels ) Half Day from Hue
Written November 6, 2023
Judith H
Perfect private trip with our driver / tour guide Mr. Son!
We had an amazing trip from Hue to Phong Nha. Mr. Son picked us up early in the morning at our hotel in Hue and drove ist all the way to Phong Nha. The drive was very comfortable in the airconditioned Car with enough space for all our luggage. On the way, we stopped at Hien Luong Bridge and Ben Hai River as well as at the Vinh Moc Tunnels. Mr. Son always helped us to find our way, organised our Tickets, and gave us enough time to visit the places. Thanks for the nice and comfortable private tour! Big recommendation! 😊
Review of: DMZ HALF DAY TOUR: Vinh Moc Tunnels
Written April 11, 2023
Martin V
4 contributions
Smooth ride from Dong Hoi to hue
Had private car from dong you to hue. Our driver was very punctual and spoke decent English so we were able to communicate well. We stopped at some sites a long the way. Time was very an accurate to what was estimated. Ride was smooth. If you’re considering traveling by car I would recommend going with this cons y for sure.
Review of: Dong Hoi to Hue Private Car Transfer
Written December 13, 2023
Jan
14 contributions
Personal and Perfect!
My guide, Thach, made this private tour perfect! As a widow, I came to Vietnam to honor my husband's service in the war, and pray to those Vietnamese who suffered due to the war. Thach, who has lead hundreds of vets, made it personal and real. I can't recommend this tour enough!
Review of: DMZ - Small Group Tour from Hue City!
Written January 1, 2023
Frequently Asked Questions about Quang Tri Province
Which experiences are best for day trips in Quang Tri Province?
What are the best places for day trips in Quang Tri Province?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Quang Tri Province
1.
2.
Cold feet?
3.
4.
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
East Moriches, NY
26 contributions
Copenhagen, Denmark
29 contributions
Blackpool, UK
7 contributions
