Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsCheap Hotels in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Halong Bay
Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Halong Palace Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
88 reviews
0.9 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We stay one night as group at this hotel, location very good. We got very big and comfort room, it clean and well organized. We enjoy stay at the room, breakfast was good. Hospitality was very good, smile team."
"Located on the main street, it has a huge and bright lobby. The bedroom was big and clean with a simple interior design. It appeared new and more like a serviced apartment rather than a hotel. The bed and pillows..."
Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
In Halong Bay
#26 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food..."
"I would like to tell all the people that may come to halong that's a very nice place to stay. Staffs speak English and they are very kind. But that hostel is quite far from the busy and tourist street. That's one..."
Palette Collect's Boutique Hotel
22 reviews
#16 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"I really enjoyed it with you and you made traveling alone very easy for me. You have exceeded my expectations and stand out from the same old hotel giants. Keep it up! 🌟 Freundlich🌟Sauber🌟 Frauenfreundlich..."
"Very nice and cute hotel which has a beautiful coffee shop named Muse. The price is very reasonable. Highly recommended this place and must try the coffee shop in order to have a lot of beautiful pictures"
Muong Thanh Grand Ha Long Hotel
71 reviews
#22 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This four star hotel, is part of one of the larger Vietnamese Hotel chains, is professionally run... and located in the very centre of Ha Long Bay. It offers (free) WiFi, Parking and has a swimming pool. It also..."
"Muong Thanh Grand H Long hotel is rather a new hotel with good parking area in the front and a spacious reception area manned by courteous staff.As this a part of a chain of hotels with 53 of them nationwide and..."
Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
3.5 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
"La Paz has seen better days but having said that my room was large and comfortable with a fairly modern bathroom. I won`t mention the height of the shower as that seems well documented in other reviews. My room was..."
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
0.4 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
The Watson Premium Halong Hotel
9 reviews
#10 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Everything was excellent! The room was spot on, with anything you need. Everyone was super friendly and accommodating. The massage at the spa was also of great quality with much choice 👌. Top choice. Glad to have..."
"What an absolutely fabulous hotel with THE most stunning views from the infinity pool and bar on the 25th Floor. Our overnight cruise to Halong Bay was unfortunately cancelled (all cruises were due to a storm..."
Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
#29 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by underground..."
"Had 3 rooms for a family of 6. Receptionist spoke good english and she also helped to arrange 3 rooms on the same floor for us. The rooms are clean. The toilet lighting in my room was not working and hence..."
Halong Pearl Hotel
81 reviews
#30 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Stayed 1 night after visit to Halong Bay, lovely staff and very warm & welcoming. The room was modern and looked new, this was on level 10. Great views of Halong Bay, price was excellent. Easy walking distance to..."
"The exterior and room is bit run down. The breakfast variety could be better. There are shops and restaurants Opposite hotel but it is for tourist. So you may bargain for price. Free WiFi in lobby and room. "
Mithrin Hotel
129 reviews
#31 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel has seen better days... long time ago. Rooms have been refurbished, but taps and toilets could be replaced. Service ok, English spoken, breakfast ok without any imagination. Sufficient for one night."
Moon Bay Ha Long Hotel
43 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We booked here for 2 nights when we arrived we thought it was fantastic room on the 5th floor lovely views of the boats going out for the day. The room was ok. Bathroom very poorly lit. Water from the shower..."
"View of Halong Bay from the room was amazing. Fantastic customer service - helped sort out confusion relating to an independent transfer back to Hanoi and really approachable. Yes breakfast is basic but for the..."
The Postcard Hotel
4 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"This is a hidden little gem. We stayed on the 4th floor and had the best view of the bay. Room was very clean and comfy beds. Breakfast was also delicious. The staff were very helpful organizing transport for us..."
"The hotel was perfect and very clean. It was so picturesque. The staff were incredibly helpful and kind. Food was great at the hotel. I would definitely stay here again and definitely recommend this hotel! I"
Cuong Thinh Motel
6 reviews
#4 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"If you want to be greeted with a friendly smile and like being treated like family, this homely and stylish motel is the perfect place for you! A stone throw from the beach, marina and restaurants. The rooms are..."
"Very nice hotel. Friendly and helpful staff. Always tried to help and make us feel comfortable. The room are comfortable with great Perfect location to take a boat tour in Ha Long Bay Everything was perfect!"
Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
#38 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The hotel..."
"We had a lovely stay at the Paddington hotel in Ha Long, beautiful view of the bay from the room. The service was excellent as we were able to secure an amazing day cruise around the bay, transport and dinner, all..."
Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
#39 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix my..."
"It is totally one of the best stay of mine in Ha Long after many visits here. Location Tip: Only 5 minutes from the port, great for a quick breakfast or snack before boarding your ship! Food Tip: Try the Pho..."
Ha Long New Day Hotel
7 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#12 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This is a new hotel! Room is quite nice and clean! View from the window can see the sea but limited! A bit far from the sea and the center but can go by taxi, but when back to the hotel many taxis don't know the..."
"We totally enjoyed our stay. The whole hotel is super clean and modern, well maintained, the wifi was strong, lots of hot water, the first time we've seen face clothes in Vietnam, tv was great and the many staff..."
Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
#41 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i..."
"The hotel is in the good location, near the night market and Sun world park. The room is clean, has good view. Receptionist is friendly and helpful. But, on the day we checked out, I asked the receptionist if..."
Ha Long Harbour Hotel
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
White Crown Hotel
0.6 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
SeaStar Hotel
#34 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by..."
"What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make sure..."
Aha Halong Hotel
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it as..."
"This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Galaxy Halong Hotel
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
Việt Hoàng Hotel Hạ Long
412.1 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long..."
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#21 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east side..."
May House Hotel
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Bao Han Hotel
#22 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is really..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Nanto
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best cheap hotels in Halong Bay?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have a family room?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a bar or lounge on-site?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay offer room service?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have dry cleaning services?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
