Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
THE BEST Hotels with Bridal Suite in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Bridal Suite
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Bridal Suite
Hotels & Motels
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Bridal Suite
Venus Hostel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
15 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#23 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Jack the host is a kind man, helpfull where needed. Big spacious room and everything worked. Hot water and amenities. Only no cleaning of these room but for prize i understand. Due to blocking all boats because of..."
"We stayed for 2 nights at Venus. Jack was very helpful and friendly like other reviewers have said. He helped us book a 1 day tour of ha long bay + lan ha bay which I would recommend (the company he uses was the..."
Hoang Phuc Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
18 reviews
#22 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Very wonderful hotel. everything is very cheap. The hotel helped me book a very quality and cheap 1-day ticket to visit the bay .the receptionist helped us with everything .Any useful information you can know from..."
"I usually go to catba island and tried almost hotels and hostel in the centre of town. This is one of the best. This hotel managed by hospitality conpany and they have some hotels of same management with..."
Sea Pearl Hotel
303 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#25 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had a lovely room on the 9th floor with an amazing view of the bay. The location of the hotel is perfect, right in the centre of Cat Ba town. Reception staff were friendly but when we advised our safe was broken..."
"The rooms are large, the bed is large, the bathroom (and especially the shower) is large. Great views of the harbor. Nice managers, good breakfast is included. Huge lobby. great elevators. Excellent location..."
Ruby Cat Ba Hotel
8 reviews
#26 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 3 nights and if we didn't need to keep going we would've loved to stay more! Super friendly staff and great service, and the room was really good. We forgot a book at the Hotel when leaving and..."
"Had a room on the top floor with view to the sea and mountain. The room was clean, very spacious and with this amazing view on the bay. Included breakfast was also nice. Plus very nice staff and great price for the..."
Cat Ba Xanh Spring Garden Hotel
11 reviews
25.3 miles from Hai Phong
#27 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful, booking us on a tour and organising our night train to Central Vietnam. The accommodation was clean and tidy with breakfast included all at a good nightly rate. A..."
"The hotel is new and located in the heart of the town, 3 minutes walk to the market. Our room isn't so big but big enough, warm and quiet. Facilities are all new and clean. Ms. Dinh at the front desk is amazing, she..."
The Tray Hotel
41 reviews
In Hai Phong
#37 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Recently rebranded as The Tray Hotel, its location was right in the city centre, which was conveniently to travel around. My assigned room was facing a small lake (or might be a canal) that was quiet and..."
"Close to downtown. We ventured to the street and had Pho from a street kitchen with the aid of our bus driver. The young people in the fancy Viettel shop spoke not a word of English but an older shopkeeper in his..."
Hotel Nikko Hai Phong
21 reviews
#38 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Me any my family stay for a day in hotel.. At arrival staff assist luggage, we have good and big clean room.. Inside room very good facilities like complimentary minibar, full amenities, iron and iron board..."
"Visiting Hai Phong as a special trip for every single year. This year I was surprised that Hai Phong city is coming up with the new Hotel name Nikko Hai Phong. New hotel, new service follow Japanese style. I didn't..."
Visit hotel website
Cat Ba Wonder Hotel
6 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#29 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel at the central , near many good restaurant and convenient go to any where you want . The room is nice style, huge and comfotable .Staff are kind and friendly to help us made a good tour to Lan Ha Bay, bus to..."
"We ventured to Cat Ba to do a day of hiking as well as to visit La Han Bay. We sought a cheap and cheerful hotel and we got what we paid for. The hotel and room were clean upon check-in, the staff were friendly, and..."
Dung Lai Hotel 173
25.8 miles from Hai Phong
#15 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view..."
"We had a fantastic stay at Dung Lai 173. The hotel is run by exceptionally friendly, kind and accommodating people - they helped us with absolutely everything we needed which made our time in Cat Ba such a good..."
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Bao Phuc Hotel - Cat Ba
5 reviews
25.2 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Considering this is a budget hotel , this was a very good hotel. It was well equipped, comfortable bed, good shower and a very friendly host. He was very helpful in arranging a taxi and private boat for us, allowing..."
"Enjoyed my stay as hotel was clean and quiet. Manager Seven is very helpful with tips to local restaurant Yummy 2, local cruises. Indeed eco-friendly environment hotel. Feel like home as hotel is new and located..."
Catba Dung Lien Hotel
#30 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We had 2 nights in Dung Lien hotel, New hotel, all equipment is very new and modern. Staff very friendly and helpful, They offer us boat tour to visit Lan Ha Bay very nice. Breakfast with pan cake and honey is great."
"The hotel was open a week ago Such a great place. The managers are awesome. Right aftet we booked a room he called us to ask about special requests. The rooms are big and new and the hotel is located very close to..."
Imperial Boat Hotel
10 reviews
#43 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Satisfied all of things. Breakfast is good. Location is good to look around city center by walk. Large supermarket is in front of this hotel. All staffs are very kind. Wish to visit this hotel again. The fare..."
"My room was clean; staffs are so friendly and I felt hotel like my house. If you want to stay long term; you can contact directly to hotel or sale staffs; they will offer you better rate. I had amazing trip."
Pamela Angel - Hotel Elite
4 reviews
#31 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I came to Cat Ba many time for short holidays and this hotel is the new discover of mine as the best accomodation after many hotels I stayed. The hotel very new and huge room with high standard. Good location in the..."
"The staff were lovely and super helpful. It's always nice to be greeted by name as you walk in. The rooms are quite bigger than what's indicated in the photos and quite comfy. The breakfast is basic but they will..."
Skyrest Cat Ong
#2 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"My holiday was almost perfectly by their operating the bungalow with overseas view where we could have the lovely night together, chilled out on yard with BBQ's friends party and sang karaoke. Our guide whom I've..."
"I would rate 5 stars not because their services worth 5 stars in terms of common ground but because of what we've paid and had lots of fun here with new friends Salsa and Golva. Especially thank to Dan, our..."
Sadhu Garden Inn
13 reviews
24.8 miles from Hai Phong
#32 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The hostel is a 30 minutes away from the citycentre but is located in a green, calm area and even has a pool! There is a great breakfast every morning and the rooms are cleaned everyday. There is a shower and toilet..."
"Sadhu garden inn is a bit further from Cat Ba town which can be inconvenient if you don't like to walk 30 minutes for food but the location is right in the nature with mountains around you so very relaxing. They..."
Sunflower International Village
#47 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English..."
"Stayed here for 3 months, there were not many westerners in the complex but hey i was in Vietnam. I had a 3 bed apartment with en-suite and family shower room and 2 balcony's the apartment was a good size but then..."
Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
20.4 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as..."
"Location is the only good thing about this hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights, got overcharged at weekend, poor breakfast served during weekdays. The whole town is a big tourist trap, from local restaurants to gift..."
Top Rated
Alibaba's Hotel
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre..."
"I spent two night at the Alibaba’s hotel and it was all perfect. The room was really big, clean and with an amazing view on the port and the bay. The location it’s really convenient because is one minute walking..."
Anh Khoi Hotel
#3 of 5 hotels in Cat Hai
"Had a wonderful stay at Anh Khoi hotel in Catba island, we even extended our stay here so total we spent 4 nights here with yummy breakfast , warm welcome and friendly service. Good value for money while staying in..."
"Stayed 2 nights at family run Anh Khoi hotel. Our room was spacious and very clean with a nice window overlooking Cat Ba bay. We also booked a guided kayaking tour to see the bay. Thanks Vuong for a great and warm..."
Tran Chau Garden home
26.8 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"We loved our stay at Tran Chau garden homestay. The room (and bathroom) was clean, the A/C and fan provided enough cooling for the hot days we were there, and there is a bunk bed in the family room! If you are a..."
"This is probably the very best place to stay on Cat Ba, situated just a couple of miles outside the town. A dozen cabins furnished in zen-like simplicity surrounding a lovely garden landscape. Peaceful and quiet..."
Lee Apartment & Hotel
#53 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed 2 days with my family. Vancao street is intersting and exciting. We can eat so many things like korean food, japanese food. My room so clean, we can cook in my room and fully equipment. So nice hotel."
Golden Land Hotel
#37 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"The room was spacious and clean. Unfortunately there was a very bad smell from the bathroom (old pipes), and the asian style shower. Staff is super friendly and helpful. Boat trip offers are very affordable and good..."
"Exactly what my partner and I were after, clean and tidy, accurate to what was advertised and the owners were lovely people. The view of the adjacent lush mountain was such a nice surprise, waking up to the sounds..."
My Ngoc Hotel
77 reviews
#38 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Our room has a nice room, it was cleaned and fully accomodated. But there was 2 electrical outlets in no practical places and some lamps didn't work. The food and drinks are cheap and they're alright for the price..."
"I stayed for 2 nights. The staff were friendly and helpful. The room clean and functional. Couldn't ask for more at a cost of $10 a night for a single occupancy room. We booked a day boat trip that was only $13. It..."
Sea Stars Hotel
39 reviews
#56 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Quality of service is very good, employees is friendly as Mr Huy - GM, Ms Huong - Sales & Marketing, Mr Chien - F&B, Mr Son - FO... Meeting is beautiful, teabreak and food are good. If arrive in Hai Phong, I'll..."
"The staff are nice the room ok and clean. The shower has poor pressure and take awhile for the hot water to come through. The bed not so good, springy. The window are bad as they block little noise from the outside..."
Huyen Vu Hotel
7 reviews
#39 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"A nice and cheap hotel, there is an elevator, bathrooms are clean und the bed big enough. Breakfast is good, but not the best. But for the price it’s ok. There are a few deficits. The ventilator in our bathroom..."
"The staff is very nice, the room is clean with good WiFi, hot water and AC. Breakfast could be better (but it's already better than other hotels around). Need to double check the location, because the address is..."
Momizi Hotel Hai Phong
3 reviews
#58 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"that was funny trip , room equipment normal but the staff is good .They are really nice, thought im gona die when i got stomachache but the guy he gave me menth for free and take care me of me .Got dam..n you save..."
"it was a wonderful trip，thought I was alone in Vietnam，but I stayed with the hotel staffs a lot，we talked and ate，I didn't feel lonely.The staff can speak English is really good，I have stayed at the hotel above 30..."
Rosalia Hotel Cat Ba
2 reviews
#40 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Hotel’s new, close to the beach Rom’s comfortable , clean and have amazing view with ocean Dong , he is extremely frendly and helpful. He’s made to us the best trip at Viet Nam . Highly recommend here..."
Roygent Parks Hai Phong
#60 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"This is an awesome hotel. The staff is super friendly and can assist in English. The room is very neat and clean. It is fitted with modern furnishing and you have everything you need including an excellent TV..."
"Excellent hotel with great service. Japanese style rooms with great amenities. The staff are friendly and the beds are comfortable. Overall a great hotel in the city of Hanoi. The only issue was that Wi-Fi is not..."
Sono Belle Hai Phong
#61 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small..."
"A beautiful, new hotel, each room is equipped with mod-cons and kitchenette. Efficient, friendly service, except for irritating glitch concerning early morning taxi booking, done the night before via general..."
Hotels with Bridal Suite nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Bridal Suite
Nong Khai
Khanh Hoa Province
Rayong
Fuzhou
Bicol Region
Shirdi
Malvan
Karachi
Omsk
Volgograd Oblast
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
