Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
M&P Duffy
Jersey, UK55 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
I Day Boat Trip with Lunch on the Boat
Apr 2019 • Couples
I would not recommend this trip as it was far too busy too enjoy!!
Too many people and boats you felt like herded cattle.
The day started good we were picked up from our hotel the coach was good, as soon as we got near the boat pick up the coaches were everywhere, chaos!!
The boat was nice and lunch was good !!
As soon as we got to Halong Bay the boats were like bumper cars trying to get in as so many.
The queue for the caves was ridiculous we were shoulder to shoulder!!
It’s a shame this trip is not enjoyable just far too many people.
I am giving the star for the boat as this part was good.
Written July 2, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
John G
Auckland Central, New Zealand64 contributions
1
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Always wanted to visit - little taken back
May 2019 • Solo
To start off you need to know I live in New Zealand...land of clean green rivers and lakes.
So I spent two nights in ha long bay to get to really see the area and the sites , this first thing to note is it is really touristy, a bit
Ike Niagara Falls, a natural wonder surrounded by high rises etc..., ha long is boarded by alot of shipping docks and massive city construction all pushed to tourism. You don't actually travel far into the bay . And all the other boats are there with you each day. The big problem is pollution...it is really bad , oil slicks , floating debris in the water and not a clean beach anywhere.
So again I am from nz so this took me back and I was disappointed, but talking to others that come from different parts , they loved the area.
So different strokes for different folks
Written May 20, 2019
EdanBCN
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain71 contributions
3
2.0 of 5 bubbles
Not worth it!
May 2019 • Couples
I have been to Langkawi, Fiji, Palawan and Krabi so I have seen plenty of beautiful limestone cliffs and paradise landscapes.
All of them are nicer than Halong Bay.
Sorry to say, but Halong Bay just isn't worth it. The water is dirty, rubbish floats around the sea, the jetty feels like an airport such is the volume of tourists piling onto the hundreds of boats that overcrowd the bay.
Basically, Vietnam has killed the goose that laid the golden egg by mismanaging what should be a world class attraction. For anyone going to Thailand or Phillippines after Vietnam, I suggest giving Halong Bay a miss. The bay is overrated, expensive to visit, and by not going you will be doing our planet a favor.
Written May 9, 2019
Ron Douglas
21 contributions
Don't bother.
Mar 2019 • Couples
UNESCO Heritage site. One of the wonders of the world. Could be but isn't. If UNESCO put their name to it they should STOP the boy racer driven, thrill seeking idiot- tourist speedboats destroying the natural wonder of the Bay. It is a wonderous, beautiful natural place and truly a wonder of the world - NOT a bloody race track. These people, the boy racer half wits and their idiot passengers are an insult to the place. I think great efforts are ongoing (at UNESCO's insistence ) to clean up the rubbish from the Bay, but that's a losing battle throughout the world. But for Christ's sake stop these idiots ruining it further.
Written April 5, 2019
Flyingturtle69
Cape Town, South Africa43 contributions
4
Ha Long Bay
Apr 2019 • Solo
I can not agree more to my previous travel expert. It is a bloody noisy and dusty place. I did plan, pay and book everything ahaed, but not the sailing boat and the harbour cruise. Weather was moderate to poor in 2 1/2 days, so I was "only" stuck but deeply disappointed as there is really nothing else one can do. The main road will look soon like Las Vegas. About 80 new developments coming up in yellow, white, pink and green. Artdeco style but so does not fit in the landscape. And yes, there is plenty of loud and inexperienced Chinese travellers in the area. Patience and quietness is not their biggest strength.
Esphe
20 contributions
Polluted, overcrowded, disastrous!
This was probably the lowest point of our Vietnam trip. We went on a 1day trip from Hanoi. The trip started of bad since the bus was really small and uncomfortable and the toilet stop was waaaaay too long (same for the way back).
We thought we were ready for the massive crowds of tourists, but this was on a next level. Hundreds, if not thousands of people go to the same three spots in the same order, like there is no common sense. The boats crash with each other to get the tourist out and on the boat which can be quite dangerous.

I could bear all of that, but when i saw the polluted water, this is what hurt me the most. It’s terrible what they have done with this place. I believe it used to be nice but there is basically nothing to enjoy there. When we went on the kayak and we were close to the water we could actually smell the terrible smell that came from the water. I would not swim in there if my life depended on it.
So do yourself a favor and skip it since it’s only gonna get worse unless the government will shut it down and let it recover.
Written March 28, 2019
Anuraag Kate
Bear, DE40 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Scenery at it's best!
Mar 2019 • Friends
If you are a nature person - especially a water person, I recommend Halong bay as a must visit. It's absolutely awesome and the experience is enticing!
Written March 13, 2019
UkJonathanLee
UK52 contributions
HALONG EXPLORER CRUISE
Feb 2019 • Couples
Halong Bay is simply beautiful and a number one must see in Vietnam. We had a great time in Halong Bay doing some kayaking through the caves, some trekking and squid fishing. The trip is organized by Halong Explorer Cruise, the cruise itself is clean, food is good and staff are very helpful, they go beyond our expection and try best to make sure we enjoy our time.
Written February 25, 2019
Cat Ba Express Bus & Tours
Hanoi, Vietnam6 contributions
Unique Journey to Ha Long Bay
Jan 2019 • Family
Serenity Cruises is very good choice to explore Ha Long Bay. Instead of touristy area (Like Sung Sot Cave or Luon Cave) they keep cruising much further to very quite view where 40 km far away. Anchor in Lan Ha Bay for a nite is perfect moment and visiting Viet Hai village the next day.
If you are looking for a quite route and a real Ha Long - Lan Ha - Cat Ba island, Ha Long Serenity Cruises recommended.
Written January 17, 2019
Antonia A
Squamish, Canada4 contributions
THE WORST TOUR COMPANY I HAVE EVER DEALT WITH
Sep 2018 • Solo
This was by far the worst tour experience of my life. The tour was full of what was a decidedly mediocre tour full of blunders and poor customer service. The first issue was that the air conditioning in the rooms wasn't turned on until after 8:30pm despite it being over 33 degrees celsius out plus humidity. The second was that the food was plainly terrible. After having the most amazing food everywhere I'd been in Vietnam, this mash of westernized combination of chinese and japanese food was really disappointing. All the food was clearly microwaved and it tasted awful. The beds on the boats were like sleeping on bare box springs, you could feel the springs poking through the bed. Crazy uncomfortable beds even for Vietnam where most beds are hard as rock. The boat staff were quite rude and although we had purchased many drinks from their bar, they demanded that we drink the one bottle of wine we brought with us in our room (the un-airconditioned one that was like a sauna) or pay them a service charge. The cruise was cut short due to an incoming storm which wasn't their fault obviously, but rather than just refund the guests the difference for missing some of the meals and activities, they insisted on taking us kayaking at 6am and missing lunch.
All of that could have been chalked up to just bad luck on my part, but the worst part of the whole experience is that on top of all of that they gave me back another passenger's passport, rather than my own! I realized it when I was about to leave for the airport and missed my flight. Thankfully, I had made friends with the other passenger and though she was all the way in Danang, was able to get a hold of her. The tour company did handle getting the passports couriered back to us, but I had to change my flight and stay another night in a hotel which they promised to pay for. All in all this massive blunder cost me over $300 usd. The tour company has done absolutely nothing to compensate me in fact they have ignored or not replied to all of the messages I've sent requesting that this be dealt with.
I HIGHLY recommend avoiding APT tours at all costs. They not only offer a very low quality cruise experience, they are not careful with customer's belongings and do absolutely nothing to resolve a situation when they do screw up. I am utterly dismayed with the way this mess was handled.
Written September 25, 2018
…
34
35
36
Showing results 341-350 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Jersey, UK
55 contributions
transparency report
64 contributions
Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain
71 contributions
Cape Town, South Africa
43 contributions
Bear, DE
40 contributions
UK
52 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
6 contributions
Squamish, Canada
