Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
THE 10 BEST Non-Smoking Hotels in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Non-Smoking Hotels
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Non-smoking hotel
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Missing:Hotels & MotelsNon-smoking hotel
Thuy Dung Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Halong Bay
#49 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Room is decent. Toilet is nice but small. Hotel looks quaint. Breakfast was mentioned to be available on air bnb which we booked but it was not the case. I do not like this fact. Would recommend anyone to search..."
Kim Dung Hotel
9 reviews
#39 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We were greeted with a warm welcome from what we believed was the manager. Our room was ready early which is always a bonus. The room was a good size with a nice view of the lake. The mattress was a nice size but..."
"The hotel is quite far away from the main part of the city. It,s very clean, Rooms are big with a great view. The only problem we experience was that the personal didn´t understand english so it was really hard to..."
Hai Nam Guesthouse
0 reviews
H81 Hotel
15 reviews
#19 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Decent and clean accommodation in a busy part of town. The room had air con, en suite bathroom with shower amenities. Plenty of eating options around the hotel. Small convenience store and pharmacy nearby. Good for..."
"cheap clean, really hard bed, centre of town, Wi fi a little slow, air con Fridge. We decided instead of booking the cruise from Hanoi we would travel down on the bus book a cheap mini hotel for a couple of nights..."
Viet Thanh Hotel
Hanoi Halong Hotel
#35 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
Hai Dang Hostel
Cong Doan Viet Nam Hotel
Hong Hoa Hotel
22 Anh Dao Hotel
Minh Chau Motel
Vinh Xanh Hotel
Minh Hai Sail Tea
Villa Gia An
2 reviews
#30 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I visited the hotell for one night together with my daughter. The hotell is very nice and clean. The best of all, we have never seen such a friendly service at a hotel before. We went back to Hanoi with a..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days over Christmas. The couple who run the hotel are so welcoming :) and cooked us lovely Vietnamese food on the balcony!!The rooms are spotless and stunning!Would highly..."
1001 Nights Hotel
5 reviews
#40 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"It was good to find a hostel in a reasonable price that has double bed for couples. i liked it because its near to park, super market. breakfast is also available there. easy to catch buses for the beach."
"I regret not reading reviews of this place before staying here. I only stayed one night which was by far long enough. We didn't plan to stay in Halong City so we quickly had to book somewhere to stay last minute and..."
Cultural Centre Theatre Guesthouse
Queen Hotel
Linh Dan Hotel
12 reviews
#18 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Checked in here for two nights during our trip to Halong Bay. Overall, an enjoyable stay. A lovely clean and spacious room complete with everything you need including free toiletries! Had no hassle with the room at..."
"we are looking for a right place location is near the beach , night market , bai chay beach , ha long wharf and decided to stay in Linh Dan , the price is reasonable , room are clean and large services is good..."
Otoke Homestay
#30 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We stayed only 1 night in Otoke home stay and where surprised by the owners. This place is brand new, clean and looks modern, has a bar and served a delicious breakfast in the morning. The price is good, I would..."
Hiep Dung Hotel
Hoai Huong Hotel
3 reviews
#55 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Hotel room was fairly average, AC worked and wifi was ok but not sure the bed sheets were clean and bathroom very basic. No one at the hotel speaks any English at all, not even questions like 'how much does this..."
"My friends and I booked a 4 day, 3 night Halong and Hanoi package/tour and the first night we were staying in this hotel. I understand that I speak minimal Vietnamese, and they speak a slightly different dialect..."
Victoria Hotel
#58 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"DO NOT STAY HERE, HIDDEN CAMERAS IN THE ROOMS. As we were checking out we caught a glimpse of the managers phone. He had multiple hidden cameras in our room including the bathroom. This place needs to be shut down."
Huong Sen Hotel
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
Le Coq Hotel
#41 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Song Loc Hotel
#54 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Local 4 star. In general, up to 4 star standard. The breakfast could be better especially provide more items for vegetarian. Suggest the egg station to be in the kitchen or open air area to avoid strong smell after..."
"Walk into the lobby and go wow. Even the room was modern, neat and tidy though the view poor. But it was the hotel restaurant that really let it down. Description on menu bore no correlation to food served. For..."
Sky Hotel
Bambou Hotel
#28 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Nam Dung Motel
Little Venus Hotel
Popular destinations for Non-Smoking Hotels
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Read more
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Osaka
Home to nearly nine million and powering an economy that exceeds both Hong Kong's and Thailand's, Osaka packs quite a punch. The confident, stylish city is a shopping hub, with fabulous restaurants and nightlife. It's an ideal base for exploring the Kansai region; Kyoto's World Heritage Sites, Nara's temple and Koya-san's eerie graves are within 90 minutes by train. Top city attractions include the aquarium, Osaka Castle, Universal Studios Japan and the futuristic Floating Garden Observatory.
Kyoto
The shrines and temples of Kyoto offer a rare link between modern life in the city and its very ancient past. The Shimogamo Shrine dates to the 6th century and seems suspended in time, its serenity and spiritual power still palpable. Visit Fushimi Inari Shrine, then see the life-sized Thousand Armed Kannon statues of Sanjūsangen-dō. Enjoy traditional geisha performances, then savor a tranquil meal at a restaurant overlooking the Kamo River.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Sapporo
Probably best known for its eponymous beer, Sapporo—the capital of Hokkaido, Japan’s northernmost island—has maintained the youthful and open atmosphere of the 1972 Olympic Winter Games, drawing international visitors for its annual Snow Festival and its world-famous ramen. Those seeking out the full diversity of Japanese cuisine will want to visit: a city with a ramen-inspired theme park is one that embraces and pampers foodies.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cairo
Cairo’s an ancient city that also happens to be a modern metropolis—it’s one of the biggest cities in the Middle East and has the traffic and noise issues to prove it. But as long as you’re not looking for solitude, Cairo—the City of the Thousand Minarets—is a splendid place to explore Egyptian history and culture. (Editor's note: Our list was compiled before political unrest prompted many countries to issue travel warnings for Egypt. If you're currently planning a trip to Egypt, please consider the risks and monitor your government's travel alerts.)
Istanbul
Over the centuries, many cultures have added their mark to this prized piece of land. Today, you can experience those influences firsthand by exploring Istanbul’s mahalles (neighborhoods). From the holy sites of Sultanahmet and the 19th-century European elegance of Beyoğlu to the high fashion of Nişantaşı, the vibrant café society of Kadıköy and the football-loving streets of Beşiktaş, it’s easy to see why travelers say that Istanbul isn’t just one city, but many cities within one.
Miaoli
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
1
…
8
9
10
11
12
Frequently Asked Questions about non-smoking hotels
What are the best non-smoking hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Which non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any non-smoking hotels in Halong Bay have a casino?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
