Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Nghe An Province
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamNghe An ProvinceThings to Do in Nghe An ProvinceOutdoor activities in Nghe An Province
THE 5 BEST Nghe An Province Outdoor Activities
Outdoor Activities in Nghe An Province
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Shopping
Transportation
Eco Tours
Beaches
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Budget-friendly
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
Good for Big Groups
Show more
6 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Cua Lo Beach
45
By aaanhnguyen
You can stay at Vinh city and arrive to Cua Lo beach in the afternoon by taxi or motorbike. You can also stay at hotel...
2. Quynh Nghia Beach
15
Open now
By BennyBic
We had a lively swimming in warm water and an amazing seafood lunch at local restaurant. Highly recommended
3. Vinh Guru Tours
73
City Tours • Motorcycle Tours
By TerryLin187
... scenery, characteristic tea gardens, river cruises, hiking or jungle adventures, local culture, traditional cuisi...
4. Ethnic Voyage
34
Multi-day Tours • Cultural Tours
By duc-vuong123
... to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe homestay on stilt house.
5. Dong Du Village Lakeside Farm Stay
2
By justinj499
The place is simply amazing. Beautiful farm located outside the city, perfect if you want to relax for some time. They...
6. Nghe An Destination - LinhLy Travel
1
City Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
What travelers are saying
Anh Nguyen
Hanoi, Vietnam10 contributions
couldn't be ignored if you're in Nghe An pro
16km away from Vinh city. You can stay at Vinh city and arrive to Cua Lo beach in the afternoon by taxi or motorbike. You can also stay at hotel near the beach, showering, see the sunset and eat seafood. In the evening, there are some park with adventure game or tram booking for going around the town.
Read more
Review of: Cua Lo Beach
Written July 10, 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Ben
58 contributions
6
A ne pas manquer
Amazing beach that not very far from Dong Du Eco farmstay . We had a lively swimming in warm water and an amazing seafood lunch at local restaurant. Highly recommended
Review of: Quynh Nghia Beach
Written March 16, 2020
Cabaal A
2 contributions
PU MAT ADVENTURE
Captain Andy was great fun to hang out with in this out of the way part of Vietnam. Opened up doors that made our stay awesome!
Review of: Vinh Guru Tours
Written January 17, 2024
Anh Khoi hotel
Hai Phong, Vietnam12 contributions
Amazing trip to Pu Hoạt Nature Reserve in Western Nghe An
Had a nice exploration in the Far West of Nghe An to explore the rich flora, fauna and wildlife . We spent 3 days trekking in the lush rainforest where we had chance to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe homestay on stilt house. Thanks Andy , our local guide for this lovely discovery far away from mass tourism
Review of: Ethnic Voyage
Written January 12, 2024
Justin J
Amazing eco farm stay !
The place is simply amazing. Beautiful farm located outside the city, perfect if you want to relax for some time. They are growing so many different kind of food, so the meals are always fresh and delightful. The owner is really friendly and helpful, he gave me so many good recommendations on places to visit. I would recommend this place 100%, lovely farm stay !
Review of: Dong Du Village Lakeside Farm Stay
Written October 8, 2022
Frequently Asked Questions about Nghe An Province
What are the best places for outdoor activities in Nghe An Province?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province for kids and families?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province for couples?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province for groups?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province for travelers on a budget?
Which places provide the best outdoor activities in Nghe An Province for adrenaline seekers?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Nghe An Province
Outdoor activities in Nghe An Province
1.
aaanhnguyen
2.
BennyBic
3.
TerryLin187
... scenery, characteristic tea gardens, river cruises,
hiking
or jungle adventures, local culture, traditional cuisi...
4.
duc-vuong123
... to see monkeys and squirrels in their real life while staying overnight at local hill tribe
homestay
on stilt house.
5.
justinj499
6.
Hanoi, Vietnam
10 contributions
Hai Phong, Vietnam
12 contributions
