Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Valet Parking in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Valet Parking
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Valet Parking
Missing:Hotels & MotelsValet Parking
32 Home Hostel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
My Linh Hotel
Mai Chi Hotel
Phuong Nam Hotel B
1 review
#69 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Hotel is placed 7min walk from river Mekong. Surrounding area is nothing special. In front of the hotel is disco bar and electroshop. Couple of local small food bistros in the street with real local atmosfhere..."
Dong Nam Hotel
5 reviews
#58 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The Hotel seems to b pretty new. The Aircon and the TV was still in plastic foil. We had a bed for two people but the room was like really tiny. Through the day there were construction workers doing their work and..."
Thai Nguyen Hotel
Phuong Hang Hotel
3 reviews
#53 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We had a top floor bedroom with bathroom & balcony facing the road. The room was clean and comfortable. There was tv and wi-fi although this hardly works. Hot shower worked. Staff were ok. Not very..."
"Other than when we arrived, the staff were not very friendly. In fact they generally completely ignored us, even when we smiled at them and greeted them when we arrived back at the hotel or came down from our room..."
Minh Tien Guesthouse
My Ngoc 1 Hotel
#65 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Not clean, sheets not washed, dirt in corners, black mold in the bathroom. The location is good, we came to experience the floating market which was incredible. If you must stay here, pack your own sleeping bag..."
Hop Pho Hotel Can Tho
Mekong Smile Home
Mis Hostel
6 reviews
#62 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"The hostel is in a quiet location which was what was required. The rooms are very modern and beautifully clean, but unfortunately they do not provide breakfast. We have arrived at a difficult time as it has been..."
Bum Bum Hostel
9 reviews
#40 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"It's a nice hostel in a quite street 10 minutes walking from the city center. The staff is friendly and speaks good english; rooms are big, clean and well organized. I recommend this place for a maximum stay of 1 or..."
"Clean room and very friendly staff, you can book tours to the floating markets here. The curtains didn't cover the whole window so that oher guests could watch in your room but it was a nice stopover on my way to..."
OYO 971 Lam Hoang Hotel
Hoang Son Hotel
Thien Hai Son Hotel Can Tho
#70 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The price was right, $12, the room had cable TV,fridge,balcony,a/c, it was clean with a decent bathroom, the room itself was large. However, I thought being a hotel in a tourist town that they might speak a little..."
Hao Hoa Hotel Can Tho
#42 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This is a very new hotel and everything works perfectly. Rooms are a decent size, beds are very comfortable and aircon works very well. Staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. Location is really great. Within..."
"After 4 days being on the back of a motorbike and staying in poor accom this place was great. The rooms are really nice, beds are comfortable and the place is really clean. Would stay here again if I.was in can tho..."
Khóm Homestay
Thu Ngan Hotel 2
Lotus Village
15 reviews
#23 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"This is a very rustic place but beauty is every where around you. It makes you explore Mekong Delta in an immersive experience. Firelfies, lizards, lotus, all kinds of flowers. Food is very average with american..."
"Absolutely wonderful rural spot. If you want luxury go somewhere else. This is gentle friendly and authentic. I found no problems to complain about as did Adrian. Staff (Johnny) was attentive, very professional and..."
My Huong 1 Hotel
Emerald Homestay And Tea
Phuong Nam Hotel C
Can Tho Riverside Hostel
7 reviews
#21 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Excellent place to stay in the delta. Beautiful accommodating family, great food and beverages on offer. We booked the floating markets day tour 4 in 1 through the hostel and had a fabulous day. Highly recommend..."
"Stayed here for 2 nights and had the best time! It’s located a little bit out of the city center but it wasn’t an issue. It’s really easy to get a grabtaxi and you can borrow a bicycle for free at the hostel. The..."
Thinh Phuong Nam Hotel
2 reviews
#73 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed there last night. Here is something you might concern when you walk in _furtinure in the room are old _low wifi internet signal _don't have hot shower (or proplem with only 1 room as they promise) but how..."
"The hotel is located at a convenient area, pretty close to the city centre and coach transport station. Pricing is reasonable. The rooms were not luxurious but clean, with lifts to the floors. Free wifi is provided..."
Danny's Balo Guest House
20 reviews
#14 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Highly recommend this guest house! Nice AC, comfortable bed and hot water for showering (which is rare). Dan was easily the highlight of our stay, upon arrival to Balo guest house we had forgotten a bag at the bus..."
"Danny is super friendly and really helpful. We had 2 rooms for family which are clean, simple but adequate and good value for money. Beds are really really hard. Dog barking at night at neighbours disturbing..."
Ngan Ha Hotel
Viva 2 Hotel
#76 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We walked in and paid 350,000 VND for a room with no breakfast. Room has a window and can see the river. Nice view but quite noisy as the local people were on scooters shouting until 2am or so being champion in a..."
Hong Phat Hotel
4 reviews
#57 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Quite good value ($12US for a very large room with 2 comfortable double beds, desk and stool, ensuite bathroom, and shared small balcony). The room was clean although the stairwells and hallways were a bit dirty..."
"We stayed here for one night. The room was not very clean, it was dusty. No muscito's or roaches though. Staff is not very helpfull, neither friendly. It was OK for one night."
Ivory Bamboo Orchard Resort
58 reviews
#11 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Difficult to review this one because the standard is really low, but you get what you pay for. Great for backpackers. Not recommended for families or people looking for comfort. It is what it says it is. Kind and..."
"The little hut we stayed in was incredibly cheap and the staff were very helpful. We had free toiletries and our own little bathroom. The bed wasn't the most comfortable but we made do, and because of it being open..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Valet Parking
Hong Kong
Delectable dim sum, floating islands, and a one-of-a-kind skyline are just some of Hong Kong’s unique features. Get an eyeful of traditional Chinese architecture in Ngong Ping village, then take the tram to the tippity-top of Victoria Peak for unparalleled views. The rocks and gentle hills of Nan Lian Garden will bring you inner peace, as will a calming cup of tea in a Stanley café. Become one with everything at the Chi Lin Nunnery, a serene Buddhist complex.
Read more
Rajkot
Rajkot is filled with stunning temples, ashrams, lakes and gardens. The Rotary Dolls Museum is a one-of-a-kind collection of puppets and figures from all over the world. Cheer on a match at the Madhavrao Scindia Cricket Ground, twirl through a classical garba dance class, or explore the colonial-era monuments of Jubilee Garden.
Almaty
Set against towering peaks striped with ski runs, Almaty mixes tradition with modern flair. While locals still meet up for steamy Russian baths, traditional Kazakh delicacies, and countless cups of tea, the city's gleaming malls and wild nightclubs are downright futuristic.
Perth
With weather as welcoming as its friendly locals, Australia’s sunniest capital city of Perth (Boorloo) offers adventures for everyone. Framed by the Swan River (Derbarl Yearrigan), the city boasts 19 pristine beaches, each blessed with dreamy Indian Ocean sunsets. Explore the Swan Valley, the only wine region within an Australian capital city — just one of the effortless day trips to enjoy within an hour of the city. You can also explore Perth’s historic and bohemian port city of Fremantle (Walyalup), swim with playful wild dolphins in Rockingham, or cruise to Rottnest Island (Wadjemup) to meet plenty of quokkas, the world’s happiest animal.
Camarines Sur Province
Bicol Region
Kannur District
Bukhara
Greater Newcastle
Avanos
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
…
8
9
10
11
12
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with valet parking
What are the best hotels with valet parking near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which hotels with valet parking are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with valet parking in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some popular hotels with valet parking in Can Tho with a 3 star rating?
What are some hotels with valet parking in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with valet parking in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
