Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Jesssica wrote a review Mar 2019
1 contribution
very good
We stay here 3 nights. My room was beautiful and comfortable. Staff always welcome us (ms. Lien and Thai). They were friendly!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. We will come back in the future :))))))). Hotel was nice with great view
Read more
Date of stay: March 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALC M, Người quản lý at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Mar 7, 2019
Xin chao Jessicaaa111222, It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay at À La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Alan P wrote a review Mar 2019
Colchester, United Kingdom17 contributions2 helpful votes
Restaurant Review
Excellent food both asian and western. We had a family meal and had a superb window table for 5 adults and a 2 year old child. Delicious food served elegantly and even with a bottle of wine, reasonably priced.
Date of stay: February 2019
Xin chào Alan P, Thank you for taking a moment to share your experience and for recognizing our restaurant. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team. We look forward to welcoming you back to À La Carte in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Adspresso wrote a review Feb 2019
Penang Island, Malaysia112 contributions61 helpful votes
Awesome stay for 2 days
Loved the infinity pool. Great for all those amazing Instagram shots. Hotel service was excellent. Staff are always helpful and smiling. Room was spacious and comfortable. Had the food at The Top restaurant by the pool, not bad and you get to enjoy both sea view and city view. Also the night view was amazing at The Top. Many convenient store behind the hotel. Mi Quang restaurant also behind. Just a short walking distance away. Great stay and recommended
Responded Mar 8, 2019
Xin chào Adpresso, Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
WONG wrote a review Feb 2019
GOOD HOTEL!
A LA CARTE HOTEL gave me a good experience in Vietnam. They provided a good environment and services, which made me successfully propose to my girlfriend, so I am very grateful to A LA CARTE HOTEL, I hope to stay in this hotel again.
Response from ALC M, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Mar 29, 2019
Xin chao WCYYYYYY, Wow! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay and we are extremely happy know that you appreciate our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely,
Meijin J wrote a review Feb 2019
Great hotel with great view
Second time coming here and still enjoy the experience, staffs are very approachable and friendly especially Ms. Tran , room is clean and convenient, love the rooftop pool there. Def will visit again.
Xin chào Meijin J, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. We are extremely pleased to learn that your overall stay with us was good. Customer's encouraging comments are a great motivation and give us even more enthusiasm in maintaining our efforts to offer service excellence. It was a great pleasure to be as your service and we hope that would have time to welcome you back soon again. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Khanh Linh wrote a review Feb 2019
Hobart, Australia10 contributions
Lovely stay for the whole family
Booked the delight plus 2 bedroom apartment just 24 hours prior the trip due to my previous accommodation cancelling on us. The apartment has great view to the beach from the master bedroom. The opposite building is under construction so view from common area was blocked. Staff were very responsive to our requests/questions. Location is 10/10 with the beach right across the road and several mini marts and restaurants surrounding the hotel. Breakfast buffet was also great. My only complaint is that the second bedroom felt a bit stuffy without any windows. Definitely good value for your money.
Xin chao klinh13, Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest and learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team. We hope to see you back at A La Carte very soon. Sincerely,
David wrote a review Feb 2019
Good
We stayed here with my friend in my company. Service was good and staff was very kind, thank ms lien and ms Quynh so much for helping us during the trip. Room was clean and comfortable, food was delicious
Xin chào David123344774, Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team; Ms Lien and Ms Quynh. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
篤史 内 wrote a review Feb 2019
とても良いホテルです
とても綺麗なスタッフが多かったです。 朝食もおいしく、食堂のスタッフも綺麗なスタッフが多かったです。I used shuttle bus to hoist and ba na hill. Recommended. Price shuttle bus cheap and guest service staff (ms quynh and lien) are friendly and enthusiastic.
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Dec 2, 2019
Xin chào Companion625133, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us. We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from Ms. Quynh and Ms. Lien - Our Reception Staffs. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
T M wrote a review Feb 2019
Verygood
朝食が美味しくて、最上階の眺めも最高でした。 また泊まりたいです。ms quynh and lien are helpful and help us a lot. Room good shuttle bus are car rental service are convenient. I went to hoian and nana by shuttle bus. The fee are cheap. Recommended
Xin chào T M, Thank you for taking the time to write a review. I am pleased to learn you were generally happy with your stay especially our service. Your feedback serves as great motivation for us all. The team and I appreciate your feedback and we all look forward to your return in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Kris K wrote a review Feb 2019
Torquay, Australia177 contributions22 helpful votes
+1
Spectacular roof top pool.
Really, what more do you want! I loved this roof top area. In a hot climate I always look for an amazing pool with views/atmosphere to die for and this one is a serious contender for best. The views across the ocean and coastline are insane going in both directions. The water was at a welcoming temperature and I spent hours at different times of the day soaking up the ambience. Awesome! The pool was large enough, even when it was at its busiest you could still find a corner to be wowed! At other times like at seven in the morning I had the pool to myself or with only one or two others. The sunrise swim I highly recommend. Worth an early wake. Downsides of the pool area are that it’s hard to find shade and you have to walk through the bar in your bathers to go to the…
Date of stay: July 2018
1 Helpful vote
Xin chào Kris K, Wow! Thank you so much for your wonderful remarks. It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time with good impression with our service during your stay at À La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Especially, more than happy when we were able to meet your requirement and expectation overall. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1415161718…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Jesssica
1
Date of stay:
transparency report
Alan P
Colchester, United Kingdom
17 contributions
17
2 helpful votes
Adspresso
Penang Island, Malaysia
112 contributions
112
61 helpful votes
61
WONG
Meijin J
Khanh Linh
Hobart, Australia
10 contributions
10
David
篤史 内
T M
Kris K
Torquay, Australia
177 contributions
177
22 helpful votes
22
Really, what more do you want! I loved this roof top area. In a hot climate I always look for an amazing pool with views/atmosphere to die for and this one is a serious contender for best. The views across the ocean and coastline are insane going in both directions. The water was at a welcoming temperature and I spent hours at different times of the day soaking up the ambience. Awesome! The pool was large enough, even when it was at its busiest you could still find a corner to be wowed! At other times like at seven in the morning I had the pool to myself or with only one or two others. The sunrise swim I highly recommend. Worth an early wake. Downsides of the pool area are that it’s hard to find shade and you have to walk through the bar in your bathers to go to the
…
14
15
16
18
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
