Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best Cheap Resorts
Cheap Resorts
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Find your next getaway
Paris Las Vegas
38,245
Paradise, United States
Renaissance Wind Creek Aruba Resort
8,471
Oranjestad, Caribbean
Horseshoe Las Vegas
28,499
Las Vegas, United States
Park MGM Las Vegas
14,350
Occidental at Xcaret Destination
24,193
Mexico
Rio Hotel & Casino
25,700
Holiday Inn Resort Montego Bay All-Inclusive
4,826
Caribbean
Luxor Hotel & Casino
59,160
Dreams Royal Beach Punta Cana
4,990
Bavaro, Caribbean
Things to know about Cheap Resorts
Are cheap resorts worth it?
How do you book resorts for cheap?
What destinations have the cheapest resorts?
Are there any hidden fees with resorts?
Related Story
By Ben Luthi
How to plan a budget-friendly beach vacation
From planning shoulder season trips to scouring for flight deals, here's how to get your toes in the sand for less.
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's cheap resorts
Popular Islands
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Read more
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
Maui
The Hawaiian island of Maui is a destination for true nature lovers. The ethereal bamboo forest and churning waterfalls in Haleakala National Park can be explored via the Waimoku Falls Trail. Stretch out on warm, golden sands or hit the surf for an unforgettable windsurfing or snorkeling session. Driving the scenic road to Hana along the island’s northeastern shore will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. Time stands still at the Hawaiian village of Keanae, definitely worth a visit.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Bora Bora
Turquoise lagoons, soft white sands, and deep tangerine sunsets set the scene for romance on the island so nice they named it twice. Mingle with tropical fish as you flutter around Coral Gardens or Tupitipiti Point, or relax in a self-driving tour as you take in beautiful views of the once-volcanic Mount Otemanu. At the Lagoonarium you can watch shark feedings and swim with turtles. Cap it all off with a succulent meal at one of the island’s fine French restaurants, then sip a tropical cocktail under the stars.
Island of Hawaii
Life on the Big Island is a little bit slower… and locals like it that way. The natural beauty and ecological features of the island are a draw for nature lovers and outdoor enthusiasts. Test your chutzpah at Hawaii Volcanoes National Park, home to the longest volcanic eruption in recorded history, or climb to the indescribably beautiful summit of Mauna Kea. At the end of the day, there’s nothing more refreshing than a quivering plate of fresh poke, followed by a fruity shave ice.
Key West
Does time ever pass in the Florida Keys? Everyone and everything in Key West seems to go at its own pace, right down to the ice melting slooooowly in your margarita glass. Of course, it’s not all limes and leisure – Key West is known as the “Winter White House” because of its appeal to visiting U.S. presidents, and the island has been home to literary greats like Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams. The diving here is phenomenal, as is the kid-friendly Florida Keys Eco-Discovery Center.
Kauai
Relaxing and pristine Kauai (the Garden Island) is the least commercially developed of the Hawaiian islands. Waterfalls, scenic drives and more than 60 beaches dot the landscape. Some beaches have great snorkeling, others offer child-friendly tidal pools and some are perfect for all kinds of water sports. Dry-land activities include hiking the Kalalau Trail on the Na Pali coastline, taking a day trip to Waimea Canyon and experiencing life on a sugar plantation at Grove Farm Homestead Museum.
Cebu Island
From the cosmopolitan metropolis of Cebu City and the white-sand beaches of Mactan to the electric-blue waters of Kawasan Falls and the whale sharks of Oslob, it’s easy to see why Cebu Island is one of the Philippines’ top destinations.
Oahu
The Hawaiian island of Oahu is a surfer’s paradise, with swelling waves that can reach epic heights. No wonder, then, that it’s the site of one of the world’s premier competitions, the Triple Crown of Surfing. If hanging ten isn’t your thing, you can still enjoy the beautiful beaches – particularly famous Waikiki Beach in Honolulu. Art connoisseurs will appreciate the annual Hale'iwa Arts Festival, a celebration of local crafts, painting, jewelry, sculpture, dance, and music.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
Samal Island
Antigua
Antigua has hundreds of beaches, from the bustling Pigeon Point to the kitesurfing paradise of Jabberwock Beach. It's fun to mix it up—a day spent in a secluded cove, another spent people-watching at a tourist magnet. When you’re tired of sun and sand you can shoot ‘em up at Reservoir Range, where archery and air pistols are a fun way to work out any lingering pre-vacation stress. A tour of the Antigua Distillery is a spirited way to experience a true taste of the island.
Popular States
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
Pennsylvania
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
Virginia
Virginia can make American history come alive. Visit Thomas Jefferson’s Monticello, tour Civil War battlefields, explore the living history museum at Williamsburg… the possibilities are endless (if the kids object, break up the historical sightseeing with a visit to Busch Gardens). Arlington, site of Arlington National Cemetery, is just across the Potomac River from all the major sites in D.C. In addition to beaches and historical attractions, Virginia has plenty to offer outdoor enthusiasts. Active families will love the Blue Ridge Highlands, where hiking, canoeing and tubing are just a few of the activities offered. Couples might enjoy a romantic mountain cabin in Virginia after a day of hiking in Shenandoah National Park.
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Michigan
Think you need an ocean for a beach? Think again. There are miles and miles of sandy lakefront beaches in Michigan (thanks to the four Great Lakes that border it). The west coast of Michigan has especially nice beaches—try a rental in Muskegon, Grand Haven or Saugatuck. You won’t need a car when visiting Mackinac Island. In fact, they’re not allowed—this lovely Victorian resort town is pedestrian-only.
Georgia
While Atlanta is the anchor and capital of Georgia, you can aim in any direction to find distinctly different regions – from the tail of the Appalachians in the North to the rolling Piedmont hills and on down to the seaside marshes in the East. Atlanta lays claim to the state’s number one attraction – Stone Mountain State Park. They say it best - “Serious fun. Endless adventure.” Just 15 minutes from downtown, the world’s largest exposed granite dome is surrounded by 3,200 acres of natural beauty and stimulating activities for every member of the family – sky rides and hiking paths, laser shows and pedal boats along Stone Mountain Lake. Golfers tee it up, while red foxes dash across the fairways in a state where the Masters Golf Tournament creates revered green-jacket memories every year. It’s a long downhill ride down to historic Savannah, a ‘stone’s throw’ from the Atlantic and a virtual step back in time to Southern architecture and stately squares. St. Simon’s and Jekyll Islands offer barrier island beauty and a wonderful combination of outdoor activities, historic sites and artistic culture. Originally the private winter playground of wealthy northeasterners, Jekyll Island stretches along 10 miles of coastal beaches and inland marshes. Cycling and walking paths wind under moss-laden oaks, and a tour of Millionaire Village takes you back to those Cornelius Vanderbilt and J.P. Morgan days. The kid-friendly Summer Waves Water Park adds man-made fun to natural water sport activities. Coastal golf courses and sophisticated St. Simon’s Island appeal to moms, dads and vacationing couples.
Tennessee
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
Washington
Ohio
If you are looking for an active place to stay with world-class attractions, Ohio’s major cities can satisfy any vacation desire. Each offers its own distinct flavor of fun, from professional sports – Bengals (Cincinnati), Cavaliers (Cleveland) and Indians (Cleveland again) – to museums, outdoor activities and more. One of the most famous is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland. If football is your thing, don’t miss the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton. For the science-minded, visit the meat eaters at the Carnivore Conservation Center in the Wilds near Cambridge, dedicated to the breeding and scientific study of endangered mid-sized carnivores. Kids will also love Planet Snoopy in Sandusky or the Columbus Zoo’s Zoombezi Bay Waterpark and Jack’s Landing rides.
Hawaii
From volcanic landscapes to hidden waterfalls… active adventures to an energetic nightlife… a holiday on the Hawaiian Islands offers infinite experiences in one destination. Each of the six major islands – Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Maui, and the island of Hawaii – has its own distinct personality, but no matter which ones you choose, you’ll discover endless opportunities for adventure, dining, culture and relaxation.
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Missouri
From the riverboat casinos, breweries and historical neighborhoods in St. Louis and fabulous fountains and barbeque in Kansas City to the “Live Music Show Capital of the World, Branson, to the awesome outdoor lifestyle in the Lake of the Ozarks region, the state offers visitors a seemingly endless line-up of unique vacation experiences. You’re never far from a state park or historic site as there are 85 of them throughout the state. There are 840 miles of trail for hikers, backpackers, bicycle riders, off-road vehicle users and horseback riders. Some of the state’s top attractions include the Gateway Arch and St. Louis Zoo in St. Louis, Cameron Cave in Hannibal, and the American Jazz Museum and Worlds of Fun amusement park in Kansas City. Wine lovers will be pleased to know there are 96 wineries in the state where you can sample wines and take tours. For golfers, the picturesque Lake Ozark region offers play on gems like the Tan-Tar-A Resort Oaks Course and Old Kinderhook. Why not introduce your children to the real world of Tom Sawyer and Huck Finn? Visit Hannibal, where your kids can immerse themselves in the world of Mark Twain with a tour of the author’s home, a cruise on the Mississippi River, an exploration excursion of the caves in his books and visits to various historic homes. Other great family-oriented activities throughout the state include hiking the Ozark Trail, splashing at a water park in Branson and visiting the Harry S. Truman home and presidential library in Independence.
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Maryland
Maryland is known as “America in Miniature” because of its great variations in topography and culture. This makes it a perfect east coat travel destination for those who would like to experience a little bit of everything. From amusement parks, to beaches, to mountains and historical sites, there is plenty to see and do. Each region of Maryland provides its own unique and fun activities to do. If you're headed for some fun in the sun in Ocean City on its eastern coast, be sure not to miss the Ocean City Beach, the Boardwalk, or Trimper's Rides and Amusement Park for an all-ages fun experience. Central Maryland is home to a Six Flags theme park, the Annapolis Golf Club, and countless hubs of art and culture such as the African Art Museum and Annapolis Opera, Inc. Heading to western Maryland? It is perfect for lovers of nature and the outdoors, with the Washington Monument State Park, Wisp Resort ski slopes, and the spectacular Muddy Creek Falls.
Wisconsin
When you think “adventure travel” you probably think of far-flung places like Belize and Alaska—not Wisconsin. But if you’re an outdoor adventurer, you’ll find plenty of places to explore in Wisconsin. A vacation in Wisconsin can put you close to the Kettle Moraine State Forest, which has excellent biking trails. Or choose Wisconsin’s Apostle Islands—kayakers will love exploring Lake Superior’s many caves and shipwrecks.
Oregon
New Jersey
Whether you are looking for sun-drenched beaches or outdoor activities in beautiful countryside, New Jersey has plenty to offer. Those who love the great outdoors should head for the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, which runs along the Delaware River for forty miles. Here you can go rock climbing, canoeing, kayaking or fishing, or simply admire the stunning waterfalls. There is a huge range of hiking trails to choose from as well as historic sites to visit. In winter, you can enjoy cross-country skiing near Blue Mountain Lakes, and birdwatchers might be lucky enough to catch sight of bald eagles. If you are looking for a change, visit one of New Jersey's eleven lighthouses that are open to public, such as the one in Cape May. For art and history enthusiasts, New Jersey State Museum in Trenton has historic artifacts and American fine art from the nineteenth century to the present day as well as a Planetarium.
Popular Cities
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
Puerto Rico
Home to sprawling beaches, retail centers, and activity parks, the resort town of Puerto Rico is one Gran Canaria’s more family-friendly destinations. Subtropical temperatures and sunny skies make an ideal climate to soak up rays on golden sands or explore the volanic coast.
Orlando
From the Magic Kingdom to magical spa treatments, Orlando sparkles with the promise of adventure. Spend a day exploring the world-famous Disney theme parks or screaming your head off on a Universal Studios roller coaster. For a less adrenaline-pumping afternoon, enjoy the quiet natural beauty of the Harry P. Leu Gardens or enjoy a seaweed scrub at a luxury day spa. Savor fresh and local ingredients at one of Orlando’s James Beard-nominated restaurants.
Montego Bay
While this Jamaican spring break favorite is great for party animals, it can also be surprisingly low key – if you want. Montego Bay has excellent duty-free shopping, vibrant nightlife, and calm waters. Browse the local handicrafts at the open-air Harbour Street market, or the "hip strip" shops of Gloucester Avenue. The underwater crevices of Widowmaker’s Cave offer an intricate diving experience. Float serenely down the Martha Brae River on a bamboo raft and let your troubles melt away under the sun.
Miami Beach
At the shore in Miami Beach, visitors can swim, surf and jet ski in the warm and crystal-clear Atlantic waters. You can also nap on the white sands, work on a tan or simply watch the beautiful people, especially at South Beach, a favorite of models and celebrities.
Las Vegas
Whether you’re a high roller or a low-key lounger, Las Vegas has something to suit your vacation taste. Sample fare from top chefs and cornucopian buffets, try your luck at one of the world’s premier casinos, or take in a spectacular show. Just wandering the Strip is enough to get your heart pumping. Once you’ve had enough of the razzle-dazzle, wave hello to the toothy sea life at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, hike Red Rock Canyon, or visit the Neon Museum, where old signs take on new life.
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Wisconsin Dells
Shaped by the currents and curves of the Wisconsin River, Wisconsin Dells has been a favorite family vacation destination for more than 150 years. An explosion of indoor water parks has turned the Dells from a summer hot spot to a year-round destination. Kids will enjoy the seemingly endless supply of fun and games, from go-karts to miniature golf, sideshows to thrill rides. If the weather's right, you can take a Duck tour of land and water, and top it all off with a heaping helping of the local fudge.
San Juan
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
Myrtle Beach
Myrtle Beach is all at once a spring break destination, golfing destination, retirement community, and family vacation spot. Take in a foot-stomping show at the Carolina Opry, or cheer on your favorite knight at Medieval Times. Mingle with the fishermen of Springmaid Pier, then stop for ice cream along the boardwalk. Shop and dine at one of the area’s many outdoor entertainment complexes, or simply explore the many beaches of the Grand Strand – all with a personality of their own.
Fort Lauderdale
Fort Lauderdale’s canals and charm have earned it the nickname “The Venice of America.” The beaches offer 23 miles of golden sand, lively with the spirited antics of happy vacationers. Sail the blue-green waters on a chartered catamaran, or dive beneath the surface to meet-and-greet the local sea life. Shopping and dining al fresco on Las Olas Boulevard is one of Fort Lauderdale’s greatest pleasures, thanks to adorable shops and prime people-watching.
Palm Springs
Looking to relax in the sun? Palm Springs, with 354 days of sunshine per year, might be the place for you. Relax poolside or visit one of the many area spas… or tour some fantastic examples of mid-century modern architecture.
Puerto Vallarta
Strolling, shopping, and sipping tequila along the Malecon boardwalk of Puerto Vallarta is the best way to kick off your vacation. Then hit the cobblestone streets of Old Vallarta to browse the flea market for handmade crafts. The calm, warm waters of the Bay of Banderas make for excellent diving, or you can just watch artists sculpt spectacular creations in the sand. The cluster of fine art galleries in El Centro are perfect spots to hit on a self-guided art tour.
Sedona
Sedona is a true oasis, a vacationer’s paradise in the middle of the Arizona desert. Here, you’ll find resorts and spas, canyons and red rock formations. Bell Rock and Oak Creek Canyon are great hiking spots, and the dramatic architecture of the Chapel of the Holy Cross is a religious experience itself. When the sun dips down below the horizon it introduces the best show in Sedona: the night sky.
Diani Beach
About an hour south of Mombasa, the sparkling white sands and lush greenery of Diani invite you to relax under a beach umbrella with a refreshing drink. Try a camel ride for the tourist experience or book a bike tour inland for a glimpse of life in local villages. Diani is also a base for several safari companies.
Playa del Carmen
Playa del Carmen is one of the top diving destinations in the world, thanks to vibrant sea life and dazzling underwater caverns. On dry land, Playa is a hipper and more modern version of the fishing village it once was. Spend some quality time on the golf course or wave hello to the playful spider monkeys at The Jungle Place sanctuary. Explore the ancient ruins of the Coba Mayan Village, or get in some quality people-watching as you shop and stroll along 5th Avenue.
San Diego
San Diego embodies laid-back California culture, complete with a Boardwalk, surfing communities, and outstanding Mexican food. Breathe in the fresh ocean air at Sunset Cliffs Natural Park, then gobble down a fresh fish taco at a La Jolla seafood joint. The naval aircrafts at the USS Midway Museum will have you standing at attention. A free Sunday concert at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion is the perfect way to unwind after a Saturday night bar-hop in the thumping Gaslamp Quarter.
Nassau
Nassau teems with Bahamian and British flavor. The capital city of the Bahamas boasts miles of spectacular beaches and stretches of vivid coral reefs perfect for snorkeling. Shop, dine, and sightsee, particularly along busy Bay Street, or if you're a James Bond fan, visit the British Colonial Hotel, which was used as a filming location for two of the Sean Connery-era movies. Visit during the famed Junkanoo Festival to experience a high-energy parade of spectacularly costumed dancers.
Popular Countries
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
Sri Lanka
Known by a flotilla of aliases, the Resplendent Isle is one of gorgeous beaches, tea plantations and ancient cities. Scuba dive, visit an elephant orphanage and a lagoon of singing fish, explore dense jungle, shrines and temples. Situated just 20 miles off India, the island formerly known as Ceylon is home to 20 million people and eight World Heritage sites. The country's long, brutal civil war ended in May, 2009, bringing peace, stability and a revival of tourism.
Kenya
Belize
According to famed diver Jacques Cousteau, the Great Blue Hole of Belize is one of the most spectacular dive sites on earth. The crystal-clear sapphire waters are home to colorful tropical fish and several species of reef sharks – ideal for brave divers who love to get up close and personal with sea life. On dry ground, diverse rainforests, mangrove swamps, and Mayan ruins are perfect for exploration. The beaches of Belize are sunny and tranquil spots for a day of relaxation.
Fiji
From the traditional Bobo massages to the therapeutic rays of South Pacific sun, the islands of Fiji offer visitors the ultimate in relaxation. Take a fragrant stroll through the botanical gardens of Nadi before settling in on the beach to watch the sun slip down for the night. Nap in the shade of a Savusavu palm tree, or float in the lagoons of Viti Levu. The waterfalls and lush rainforest of Taveuni Island are peaceful places to commune with nature at your own pace.
Philippines
With more than 7,000 islands consisting of rice paddies, volcanos, mega-metropolises, world-class surf spots, and endemic wildlife, the Philippines is one of the most dazzling and diverse countries in all of Asia. Not to mention, it’s home to some of the world’s best beaches, too.
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Spain
From sun-drenched archipelagos and bustling urban cities to snowcapped mountains and semi-arid deserts, Spain epitomizes geographical diversity. As the meeting point of the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea, this vast country offers some of Europe’s most dramatic landscapes, as well as some of its tastiest cuisine.
Canada
World class skiing, decadent European style cuisine, ornamental cathedrals, peaceful island life…Canada is a patchwork of thriving cities and majestic wilderness. Montreal beckons travelers with its French charm and booming cultural landscape. In Toronto, the Art Gallery of Ontario is a vision of Frank Gehry architecture and national artistic treasures. The gleaming mountain ranges of Banff set a stunning backdrop for an exploration of the Canadian Rockies.
Malaysia
Malaysia is a beautifully complex vacation destination, a land where ancient rainforests give way to multicultural city life. Capital city Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, while in charming Melaka the vibe is more quaint and historical. Many of the country’s national parks offer opportunities for fantastic whitewater rafting, and the exclusive Sipadan dive site (off the east coast of Borneo) is among the best in the world.
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Vietnam
The jungles and monsoon forests of Vietnam are diverse ecosystems that are alive with unique wildlife. Trekking is a popular activity here, particularly the mountains of Sapa and the primeval landscape of Cuc Phuong National Park. For a more urban escape, take a guided food tour of Ho Chi Minh City, making sure to squeeze in visits to the historic Hoi Truong Thong Nhat palace and the intricately adorned Emperor Jade Pagoda.
India
From the beaches of sun-soaked Goa to the frenetic bazaars of Mumbai, India offers wealth of vastly different, yet equally enthralling, experiences. Explore the sparkling lakes and palaces of Udaipur, watch traditional Indian dance in Kochi, or buy brilliantly-colored silk saris at a market in Varanasi… no matter how much you travel in India, you’ll always find more to discover in this vibrant, fascinating country.
Indonesia
From the idyllic beaches of Bali to the chaotic melting pot of Jakarta, Indonesia is a diverse Southeast Asian gem. West Java and Sumatra are home to some of the most beautiful tropical forests in the world – perfect for jungle trekking. The Prambanan collection of Hindu temples in Yogyakarta will astound you with their architecture and aura of spirituality. Capital city Jakarta is a cultural and political hub that’s jam-packed with museums, performing arts centers, and traditional food stalls.
Türkiye
Risen from the ashes of the Ottoman Empire, Türkiye is a land of cities and countryside, of ancient ruins and contemporary culture. Splash around the mud baths of Dalyan or scramble around the volcanic rock of Goreme. Visiting gorgeous Istanbul, of course, is a no-brainer. Whatever you do, don’t ever, ever skip coffee and desserts: enjoying flowery Turkish Delight and achingly flaky baklava is like a vacation for your taste buds.
French Polynesia
Tahiti and Bora Bora are the most well known French Polynesian islands, thanks to their picture-perfect beaches and romantic ambiance. Indeed, these islands are ideal for handholding, with their lush landscapes and mood-setting features like lagoons and grottos. The heart-shaped island of Mo’orea makes a wonderful base for divers and snorkelers eager to explore its surrounding barrier reef system. Feeding the massive, sacred eels of Huahine is a one-in-a-lifetime way to experience an important local ritual.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
Find Cheap Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
Montana Cheap Resorts
Utah Cheap Resorts
Massachusetts Cheap Resorts
Maine Cheap Resorts
South Carolina Cheap Resorts
New Hampshire Cheap Resorts
Clearwater Cheap Resorts
Branson Cheap Resorts
Gatlinburg Cheap Resorts
Panama City Beach Cheap Resorts
Antalya Cheap Resorts
Portugal Cheap Resorts
Canary Islands Cheap Resorts
Crete Cheap Resorts
Tenerife Cheap Resorts
Gran Canaria Cheap Resorts
France Cheap Resorts
Cyprus Cheap Resorts
Majorca Cheap Resorts
Switzerland Cheap Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
Cuba Cheap Resorts
Puerto Plata Cheap Resorts
Grand Cayman Cheap Resorts
Cayman Islands Cheap Resorts
Negril Cheap Resorts
Seven Mile Beach Cheap Resorts
Barbados Cheap Resorts
St. Barthelemy Cheap Resorts
Grenada Cheap Resorts
Varadero Cheap Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Batangas Province Cheap Resorts
Zambales Province Cheap Resorts
La Union Province Cheap Resorts
Lapu Lapu Cheap Resorts
Morong Cheap Resorts
Munnar Cheap Resorts
Kerala Cheap Resorts
Ubud Cheap Resorts
Luzon Cheap Resorts
Laguna Province Cheap Resorts
Africa & Middle East
South Africa Cheap Resorts
Egypt Cheap Resorts
Mombasa Cheap Resorts
Sun City Cheap Resorts
Hurghada Cheap Resorts
Tunisia Cheap Resorts
Tanzania Cheap Resorts
Sharm El Sheikh Cheap Resorts
Nungwi Cheap Resorts
Malindi Cheap Resorts
Central/South America
Panama Cheap Resorts
Roatan Cheap Resorts
Manuel Antonio Cheap Resorts
Province of Guanacaste Cheap Resorts
San Pedro Cheap Resorts
Ambergris Caye Cheap Resorts
La Fortuna de San Carlos Cheap Resorts
Honduras Cheap Resorts
San Ignacio Cheap Resorts
Placencia Cheap Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Ben Luthi
