Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Home
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Best Family Resorts
Family Resorts
Everything you need for a fun family vacation in one place.
Find your next getaway
Moon Palace Cancun
38,793
Cancun, Mexico
The Venetian Resort
34,537
Las Vegas, United States
Hotel Xcaret Mexico
12,654
Mexico
Hyatt Ziva Cancun
13,194
Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki Beach Resort
19,875
Honolulu, United States
Grand Hyatt Baha Mar
7,464
Caribbean
Paris Las Vegas
38,245
Paradise, United States
Dreams Riviera Cancun Resort & Spa
12,104
Paradisus Cancun
19,416
Things to know about Family Resorts
Are there resorts where my kids can stay free?
What makes kids resorts different?
How to pick the right family resort?
Are there things for adults to do at family resorts?
What kinds of activities can you do at family resorts?
Related Story
By Jordi Lippe-McGraw
7 family-friendly Caribbean islands for your next vacation
Whether you're traveling with toddlers or teens, these are some of the best Caribbean islands for families.
Discover the most popular destinations for the world's family resorts
Popular Islands
Florida Keys
Stretching 126 miles south toward Cuba, the stunning Keys are a perfect escape. Highlights along the way include Key Largo, Islamorada, Marathon, Big Pine Key and the irrepressible Key West. Get up close with an amazing array of fish while snorkeling, diving or fishing in the warm turquoise waters. Creeks, coral and costumed spectacles are other lures along the way. Highway 1 is a spectacular ribbon tying together the islands and atolls of this paradise between the Gulf of Mexico and the Atlantic.
Read more
Bahamas
Like seashells, no two holidays in the Bahamas are alike. With options as diverse as its 700 islands, it's a place where you can find exactly the getaway you love most. Looking for a family destination, a place for lovers to sneak away, a gambling mecca, a haven for cruise passengers, or a shopper’s world market? The Bahamas is all these… and much more.
Puerto Rico
Puerto Rico offers the perfect balance of rum-soaked nightlife and tranquil retreat. The Spanish colonial buildings of San Juan set a perfect backdrop for a day of shopping and sightseeing. Hike the massive El Yunque rainforest to see waterfalls, stone towers, and colorful Puerto Rican wildlife. As far as beaches go, it doesn’t get better than the private sands of Isla de Vieques – particularly Mosquito Bay, where by moonlight the water glows blue-green thanks to magical microorganisms.
Turks and Caicos
Turks and Caicos is an excellent destination for divers and snorklers. Smith’s Reef in Provo is one of the area’s most popular dive spots, thanks to a diverse collection of sea creatures in a spectrum of electric colors. For a completely different vibe, explore the black coral and submerged overhangs of Black Forest or kayak the bright turquoise waters of Chalk Sound. Both the Caicos Conch Farm and the bird sanctuary on uninhabited French Cay offer unique ways to commune with local wildlife.
Aruba
Aruba is the quintessential Caribbean island, all sun and sea and stretches of powdery white sand. Time will slow to a pleasant crawl as you linger over a tropical cocktail or flutter serenely underwater, where only the parrotfish are in a hurry. The pastel façades of Oranjestad landmarks and shops lend an inviting and playful vibe to the capital city. Enjoy the shade of an Eagle Beach divi tree while the crashing waves of turquoise water create a soothing soundtrack just for you.
Key West
Does time ever pass in the Florida Keys? Everyone and everything in Key West seems to go at its own pace, right down to the ice melting slooooowly in your margarita glass. Of course, it’s not all limes and leisure – Key West is known as the “Winter White House” because of its appeal to visiting U.S. presidents, and the island has been home to literary greats like Ernest Hemingway and Tennessee Williams. The diving here is phenomenal, as is the kid-friendly Florida Keys Eco-Discovery Center.
U.S. Virgin Islands
Made up of St. Croix, St. John and St. Thomas, the laidback USVI offer sophisticated dining, turquoise waters and quaint towns. On St. Croix, Christiansted's colorful Danish Colonial buildings provide a lovely backdrop for dining or sailing. Underwater coral gardens are heaven for divers. On St. Thomas, shopping mecca Charlotte Amalie has hopping nightlife. Tranquil St. John offers quiet trails, secluded coves and lively Cruz Bay's shops and bars. Ferries and local air services link the islands.
Bermuda
Don’t be fooled by Bermuda’s small size; this 21-square-mile Atlantic island is big on history, personality and charm, from pink-sand beaches to historic forts. It’s known for aquatic adventures like shipwreck scuba diving, cliff jumping and deep-sea fishing. On land you’ll find an eclectic island culture of vibrant neighborhoods, brightly colored shorts and delicious fish chowder.
Maui
The Hawaiian island of Maui is a destination for true nature lovers. The ethereal bamboo forest and churning waterfalls in Haleakala National Park can be explored via the Waimoku Falls Trail. Stretch out on warm, golden sands or hit the surf for an unforgettable windsurfing or snorkeling session. Driving the scenic road to Hana along the island’s northeastern shore will be among the most spectacular journeys of your life. Time stands still at the Hawaiian village of Keanae, definitely worth a visit.
Dominican Republic
The DR delights visitors with its mix of white-sand beaches and "gingerbread" Victorian architecture. Nine hundred miles of Caribbean coastline make the Hispaniola Island country a beach-lover’s paradise. Day-trip to Puerto Plata and ride the cable car up Mount Isabel de Torres, or groove to the steel drum beats of Cabarete nightlife. The breezy palms and sparkling waters of Punta Cana make it a true tropical paradise.
St. Thomas
Like all of the U.S. Virgin Islands, St. Thomas has plenty of opportunities to lounge on the beach, splash in the sea, or amp it up with watersports. It also boasts a bountiful duty-free shopping scene – just be prepared to brave the cruise ship crowds. Charlotte Amalie swells with Danish colonial architecture and pirate legend. Shiver ye timbers at Blackbeard’s Castle, then work up an appetite by climbing the historic 99 Steps, constructed from the ballast bricks of 18th century Danish ships.
St. Lucia
When was the last time you went out for a casual drive and ended up inside a volcano? A surreal scenario comes to life at La Soufrière, one of the most popular attractions in St. Lucia. Pack your skin with the medicinal mud of Sulfur Springs for a DIY spa treatment. Continue your eruptive adventures with a guided hike of the two volcanic plugs known as the Pitons then ascend Morne Fortune to take in the sweeping views. For an intimate beach experience, hit the private black sands of Anse Mamin.
Key Largo
Just a few minutes' drive but a world away from the mainland, Key Largo has been the setting of movies, the home to abundant wildlife and a favorite destination for scuba diving. Lush flora and lively fauna abound in the Dagny Johnson Key Largo Hammock Botanical State Park, John Pennekamp Coral Reef State Park and Everglades National Park. Underwater, the Florida Keys National Marine Sanctuary teems with life while the American Crocodile thrives at Crocodile Lake National Wildlife Refuge.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Grand Cayman
The farther you go from Grand Cayman's busy docks, the more peace and quiet you'll find. At Stingray City (actually a sandbar), stingrays swim alongside you in the tranquil waters. Closer to town, travelers report finding some of the best massage and spa services anywhere in the Caribbean.
Kauai
Relaxing and pristine Kauai (the Garden Island) is the least commercially developed of the Hawaiian islands. Waterfalls, scenic drives and more than 60 beaches dot the landscape. Some beaches have great snorkeling, others offer child-friendly tidal pools and some are perfect for all kinds of water sports. Dry-land activities include hiking the Kalalau Trail on the Na Pali coastline, taking a day trip to Waimea Canyon and experiencing life on a sugar plantation at Grove Farm Homestead Museum.
Jamaica
Is there anything better than stretching out like a cat in a warm patch of Jamaican sun? Only if you sprinkle your island vacation with a dash of adventure. Known fondly as “the land of wood and water,” Jamaica’s forests feature prime hiking and bird watching. History buffs can the heritage sites of Trelawny, while reggae and dancehall fans will love the authentic music clubs of Kingston. Montego Bay is perfect for snorkeling and shopping, while the spas of Ocho Rios can make any stresses melt away.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Majorca
Attracting visitors from all parts of the world, Majorca is a dreamy island destination in the Mediterranean Sea, just off the south-east coast of Spain. There's something for every taste—beaches and coves, a spectacular mountain range, romantic fishing villages and a rustic countryside dotted with almond and olive groves.
British Virgin Islands
Sailing, diving, fishing and soaking up the sun on perfect beaches is what it's all about on the 60 idyllic British Virgin Islands. Largest island Tortola, home to capital Road Town, is a 12 by three mile haven of white sand, lush green mountains, ruins and rum distilleries. Underwater caverns beckon from dramatic Virgin Gorda. Island time rules on laid-back Jost Van Dyke, where swim-up bars serve delicious rum concoctions. Pristine beaches lure visitors to beautiful coral island Anegada.
Popular States
Arizona
The state of Arizona is one that features a fantastic diversity of landscapes and areas of geological interest. North Arizona is famous for the Grand Canyon, a colorful chasm with steep rocky walls more than a mile deep and stretching some 277 miles alongside the Colorado River. Other notable destinations in North Arizona include Flagstaff set alongside the San Francisco Peaks which has the largest ponderosa pine forest, Museum of Northern Arizona, and is close to a number of national parks and monuments. On the south side of Arizona lies the city of Phoenix, the largest in Arizona. Notable day trips in Phoenix include the Heard Museum which is one of America's largest collections of Native American art, Phoenix Museum of History, as well as the Desert Botanical garden which has a great collection of desert plants.
Colorado
Colorado is home to no less than twenty-six ski resorts such as those in Vail and Breckenridge; other winter activities include snowboarding, sledding, sleigh rides, snow hiking and snowmobiling. The state is blessed with national parks, grasslands and forests where in warmer weather you can enjoy hiking, mountain biking or rock climbing. Wildlife abounds, from bears to moose and raccoons to wolverines. More interested in local history? Head for either the Ute Indian Museum or the Koshare Indian Museum, and don't miss the forts such as Fort Garland and Bent's Old Fort. For a complete change, why not take a ride in a hot air balloon from South Park Valley or Boulder and admire Colorado's picturesque landscape from above?
Florida
Not just for retirees and theme park enthusiasts, the Sunshine State offers beautiful beaches, pristine diving conditions, and sizzling nightlife. Salsa the night away in a smokin’ hot Miami club, or swing away at one of Kissimmee’s many premium golf courses. An airboat tour of the Everglades is an unforgettable adventure – just look out for alligators! For the risk-averse, a lazy day spent on the soft sands of an Emerald Coast beach is as rejuvenating as a spa treatment.
Hawaii
From volcanic landscapes to hidden waterfalls… active adventures to an energetic nightlife… a holiday on the Hawaiian Islands offers infinite experiences in one destination. Each of the six major islands – Kauai, Oahu, Molokai, Lanai, Maui, and the island of Hawaii – has its own distinct personality, but no matter which ones you choose, you’ll discover endless opportunities for adventure, dining, culture and relaxation.
Texas
Texas has great beaches for bird watching, boating, and fishing. Plus golf courses, cowboy and high art culture, and a rich history. Bask on the beach and bird watch between golf games before, during, or after spring break in Corpus Christi, Port Aransas, Crystal Beach, or South Padre Island. Explore East Texas from Dallas to Tyler, Texarkana, Jefferson, and Nacogdoches. Enjoy golf and big city life in Dallas or Houston. Visit Galveston's coastal Strand. Tour West Texas and Hill Country from San Antonio, New Braunfels, Austin, and Fredericksburg to Amarillo and El Paso.
California
California is a fertile, peaceful place where you’ll find a near-equal balance of vineyards and deserts, beaches and mountains, hippies and traditionalists. Catch an epic wave in Big Sur or swirl a glass in Napa Valley. Be dazzled by the Joshua Tree night sky or just star-gaze in Hollywood. Swish down the slopes of a Tahoe ski resort, or cruise across the Golden Gate Bridge with the top down and the music blasting. Above all, don’t forget to soak up some Golden State sunshine.
Ohio
If you are looking for an active place to stay with world-class attractions, Ohio’s major cities can satisfy any vacation desire. Each offers its own distinct flavor of fun, from professional sports – Bengals (Cincinnati), Cavaliers (Cleveland) and Indians (Cleveland again) – to museums, outdoor activities and more. One of the most famous is the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland. If football is your thing, don’t miss the Pro Football Hall of Fame in Canton. For the science-minded, visit the meat eaters at the Carnivore Conservation Center in the Wilds near Cambridge, dedicated to the breeding and scientific study of endangered mid-sized carnivores. Kids will also love Planet Snoopy in Sandusky or the Columbus Zoo’s Zoombezi Bay Waterpark and Jack’s Landing rides.
Pennsylvania
Tennessee
North Carolina
North Carolina has something for everyone, with the highest mountains in the eastern U.S., 300 miles of pristine coastline, quaint towns and vibrant cities. From the mountains to the sea, explore the natural, scenic beauty, discover outdoor adventure or try one of 500 golf courses, including the legendary Pinehurst No. 2. Discover a favorite among 100 wineries and 60 craft breweries, tour historic and cultural treasures, sample farm to table delicacies and get the thrill of motorsports in the "home" of NASCAR.
Montana
No matter where you look in Montana, you’ll find unspoiled nature, charming small towns and relaxing hospitality. Explore Glacier and Yellowstone National Parks, then hit the road to discover more natural wonders. You can hike, bike or horseback ride through rugged mountain landscapes, fly-fish blue ribbon trout streams, paddle scenic rivers and lakes, or spend winter days carving fresh powder at ski resorts — then end your day wandering a vibrant main street or relaxing in a cozy lodge.
Minnesota
The Twin Cities of Minneapolis and St. Paul have the famous Mall of America and Walker Art Institute. Bluff Country to the south has water sports and cross country skiing. The Prairielands abound with lake recreations.
Maryland
Maryland is known as “America in Miniature” because of its great variations in topography and culture. This makes it a perfect east coat travel destination for those who would like to experience a little bit of everything. From amusement parks, to beaches, to mountains and historical sites, there is plenty to see and do. Each region of Maryland provides its own unique and fun activities to do. If you're headed for some fun in the sun in Ocean City on its eastern coast, be sure not to miss the Ocean City Beach, the Boardwalk, or Trimper's Rides and Amusement Park for an all-ages fun experience. Central Maryland is home to a Six Flags theme park, the Annapolis Golf Club, and countless hubs of art and culture such as the African Art Museum and Annapolis Opera, Inc. Heading to western Maryland? It is perfect for lovers of nature and the outdoors, with the Washington Monument State Park, Wisp Resort ski slopes, and the spectacular Muddy Creek Falls.
Washington
New York
New York State has it all – booming metropolises, majestic waterfalls, mountains, wine country, chicken wings. Yes, NYC is a magnet for tourists, but an exploration of the rest of the state can be equally thrilling. The Finger Lakes Wine Region is a vision of serene waters, quaint B&Bs, and pretty vineyards. Movie buffs will love Rochester, home of the George Eastman House and one of the world’s most comprehensive film archives. On your way to Niagara Falls, stop in Buffalo to fuel up on spicy wings.
Michigan
Think you need an ocean for a beach? Think again. There are miles and miles of sandy lakefront beaches in Michigan (thanks to the four Great Lakes that border it). The west coast of Michigan has especially nice beaches—try a rental in Muskegon, Grand Haven or Saugatuck. You won’t need a car when visiting Mackinac Island. In fact, they’re not allowed—this lovely Victorian resort town is pedestrian-only.
Utah
Welcome to “The Greatest Snow on Earth” – Utah’s paradise for all outdoor enthusiasts! As host of the 2002 Winter Olympics, Park City knows how to entertain winter fun seekers. Snowboarders and skiers head for miles of spectacular slopes with deep fluffy powder and breathtaking mountain views. The Olympic Park provides family-friendly ski programs, rides and shows. Alta, Sundance, Snowbird and Brighton are other popular destinations for cross country and Alpine skiers. Those alluring snowy slopes turn to rolling wildflower fields in the summer. Golfing, fishing, horseback riding and water sports replace chilly outdoor sports adventures. Corral the family, pack a picnic and catch one of the ski lifts for an afternoon of hiking or mountain biking along scenic trails. Head to Salt Lake City, where Temple Square hosts millions of visitors a year. Bryce Canyon and Arches National Park are famous for surreal landscapes from horseshoe-shaped amphitheaters to unusual rock formations and hundreds of natural sandstone arches. Closer to home, wander along the quaint main streets of mountain villages to browse, shop and enjoy lunch at an outdoor café. At the end of the day, head home for an outdoor barbecue and an evening of games. Home rentals blend privacy, space and comfort with the cost-saving advantage of eating some meals at home.
West Virginia
As you would expect, The Mountain State displays rustic charm with dramatic river gorges, large limestone caverns and spectacular mountain views. West Virginia hosts outdoor enthusiasts and family vacationers looking for fresh-air activities and serene mountain atmosphere. If stimulating city holidays are your preference, Charleston combines warm hospitality with a lovely riverside location. A family-friendly destination, you’ll discover children’s theatre, river park recreation and popular Bridge Road for shopping and dining. Smaller towns blend outdoor adventure with quaint village atmospheres. Set between the New, Greenbrier and Bluestone Rivers, Hinton is an historic rail town filled with turn-of-the-century architecture and a host of water activities at its doorstep – rafting, fishing, kayaking and more. In the heart of West Virginia, Summersville is a “Mountain Water Playground.” Its lakeside location encourages outdoor recreation from swimming and boating to scuba diving and rafting. And history buffs can trace Civil War battles throughout the states historic sites and state parks. Hiking or horseback riding along trails through deep hardwood forests is another family favorite, especially when you stop for a picnic along a clear mountain stream.
New Jersey
Whether you are looking for sun-drenched beaches or outdoor activities in beautiful countryside, New Jersey has plenty to offer. Those who love the great outdoors should head for the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area, which runs along the Delaware River for forty miles. Here you can go rock climbing, canoeing, kayaking or fishing, or simply admire the stunning waterfalls. There is a huge range of hiking trails to choose from as well as historic sites to visit. In winter, you can enjoy cross-country skiing near Blue Mountain Lakes, and birdwatchers might be lucky enough to catch sight of bald eagles. If you are looking for a change, visit one of New Jersey's eleven lighthouses that are open to public, such as the one in Cape May. For art and history enthusiasts, New Jersey State Museum in Trenton has historic artifacts and American fine art from the nineteenth century to the present day as well as a Planetarium.
Maine
Maine has several unique regions, each with its own distinctive culture and activities. With miles of coastline, thousands of lakes, endless rivers and deep forests, visitors can find their perfect vacation spot, whether it's on a sandy beach, at a family campground or walking along Main Street in a bustling city or town. Maine is also known for abundant outdoor recreation opportunities in all four seasons, from swimming and boating in the warmer months to excellent skiing in the winter.
Popular Cities
Cancun
Sunny Cancun has much more to offer than its party-town reputation might suggest. Plenty of gorgeous, drama-free family resorts cater to folks who want to experience the tropical Yucatan climate. There are significant Mayan ruins here, such as El Rey and the Yamil Lu’um, a crumbling tower of pale gray stone. Learn more about this ancient civilization at the Museo Maya de Cancun. For a literal taste of Mexico, take a tour of the Museo Sensorial del Tequila.
Orlando
From the Magic Kingdom to magical spa treatments, Orlando sparkles with the promise of adventure. Spend a day exploring the world-famous Disney theme parks or screaming your head off on a Universal Studios roller coaster. For a less adrenaline-pumping afternoon, enjoy the quiet natural beauty of the Harry P. Leu Gardens or enjoy a seaweed scrub at a luxury day spa. Savor fresh and local ingredients at one of Orlando’s James Beard-nominated restaurants.
Punta Cana
Among the best golf destinations in the world, Punta Cana is the very picture of leisure. Several of the courses have been designed by professional golfers, making for the perfect sort of kicked-back challenge that you want on a golfing vacation. The beaches here are simply perfect: calm, warm waters that gently lap at stretches of fine white sand. Thrill yourself with a zip-line adventure, clap along with traditional Dominican music at a cultural performance, or explore the magical lagoons of the Indigenous Eyes Ecological Park.
Las Vegas
Whether you’re a high roller or a low-key lounger, Las Vegas has something to suit your vacation taste. Sample fare from top chefs and cornucopian buffets, try your luck at one of the world’s premier casinos, or take in a spectacular show. Just wandering the Strip is enough to get your heart pumping. Once you’ve had enough of the razzle-dazzle, wave hello to the toothy sea life at the Mandalay Bay Shark Reef, hike Red Rock Canyon, or visit the Neon Museum, where old signs take on new life.
Palm Springs
Looking to relax in the sun? Palm Springs, with 354 days of sunshine per year, might be the place for you. Relax poolside or visit one of the many area spas… or tour some fantastic examples of mid-century modern architecture.
Scottsdale
Scottsdale has more spas per capita than any other city in the U.S.—so whether you’re looking for the latest medi-spa technology or a new-agey, bohemian vibe, there’s sure to be something for you. It's a good thing, too—after spending all day touring the beautiful desert, you'll be grateful for some pampering.
Sedona
Sedona is a true oasis, a vacationer’s paradise in the middle of the Arizona desert. Here, you’ll find resorts and spas, canyons and red rock formations. Bell Rock and Oak Creek Canyon are great hiking spots, and the dramatic architecture of the Chapel of the Holy Cross is a religious experience itself. When the sun dips down below the horizon it introduces the best show in Sedona: the night sky.
Miami Beach
At the shore in Miami Beach, visitors can swim, surf and jet ski in the warm and crystal-clear Atlantic waters. You can also nap on the white sands, work on a tan or simply watch the beautiful people, especially at South Beach, a favorite of models and celebrities.
Tampa
Tampa is a laid-back city with a vibrant arts scene and plenty of opportunities for adventure. Busch Gardens offers thrills for families and risk-averse adrenaline junkies, as does the domed IMAX theater of the Museum of Science and Industry. Spend a day touring Tampa’s many art museums, then cheer on your favorite Tampa Bay team at a home game. Get up close and personal with the majestic lions, tigers, and leopards of the Big Cat Rescue animal sanctuary.
Tulum
Mayan ruins tower over the sea in Tulum. The formerly walled city was one of the last to be built by the Mayans, and its archaeological sites are incredibly well preserved. Take a break from the beach to visit El Castillo, the Temple of the Frescoes, and the Temple of the Descending God. Explore an underground river under a canopy of stalactites in the sacred caverns of LabnaHa Eco Park, or dive into Cenote Dos Ojos to snorkel inside of caves in the middle of a forest.
San Diego
San Diego embodies laid-back California culture, complete with a Boardwalk, surfing communities, and outstanding Mexican food. Breathe in the fresh ocean air at Sunset Cliffs Natural Park, then gobble down a fresh fish taco at a La Jolla seafood joint. The naval aircrafts at the USS Midway Museum will have you standing at attention. A free Sunday concert at the Spreckels Organ Pavilion is the perfect way to unwind after a Saturday night bar-hop in the thumping Gaslamp Quarter.
Fort Lauderdale
Fort Lauderdale’s canals and charm have earned it the nickname “The Venice of America.” The beaches offer 23 miles of golden sand, lively with the spirited antics of happy vacationers. Sail the blue-green waters on a chartered catamaran, or dive beneath the surface to meet-and-greet the local sea life. Shopping and dining al fresco on Las Olas Boulevard is one of Fort Lauderdale’s greatest pleasures, thanks to adorable shops and prime people-watching.
Myrtle Beach
Myrtle Beach is all at once a spring break destination, golfing destination, retirement community, and family vacation spot. Take in a foot-stomping show at the Carolina Opry, or cheer on your favorite knight at Medieval Times. Mingle with the fishermen of Springmaid Pier, then stop for ice cream along the boardwalk. Shop and dine at one of the area’s many outdoor entertainment complexes, or simply explore the many beaches of the Grand Strand – all with a personality of their own.
Phoenix
Nearly perfect year-round weather and several impeccably designed championship courses have made Phoenix one of the top golf destinations in the world. But there's more to this mild-mannered metropolis than pristine greens and tee times. The greater Phoenix area also offers visitors an array of impressive cultural attractions. Visit the internationally renowned Heard Museum for an in-depth look at Native American history or peruse the fine collection at the Phoenix Museum of Art. Enjoy a ballet performance at the ornate Orpheum Theater or or catch a concert at the state-of-the-art Comerica Theatre. In addition to golf, the city offers access to numerous outdoor endeavors including rock climbing, hot-air ballooning, desert jeep tours and more. Family-friendly attractions, first-rate shopping, dining and entertainment, and spectacular recreational activities make Phoenix a must-visit destination.
Montego Bay
While this Jamaican spring break favorite is great for party animals, it can also be surprisingly low key – if you want. Montego Bay has excellent duty-free shopping, vibrant nightlife, and calm waters. Browse the local handicrafts at the open-air Harbour Street market, or the "hip strip" shops of Gloucester Avenue. The underwater crevices of Widowmaker’s Cave offer an intricate diving experience. Float serenely down the Martha Brae River on a bamboo raft and let your troubles melt away under the sun.
Naples
Sunny Naples is a popular, sophisticated and charming beach destination on the Gulf of Mexico. It boasts many world-class hotels and resorts along miles of white sand beaches. The ocean surf is gentle and the people are friendly. Shoppers delight in searching for antiques, home furnishings, clothes and jewelry. With its beautiful neighborhoods and grand architecture, the atmosphere is elegant, yet relaxing. Sports enthusiasts spend glorious days pursuing their favorite activity, from golf to tennis to fishing. There are restaurants to suit every taste and budget. Even though it is a busy and cosmopolitan city, Naples offers easy access to secluded islands and the wilderness of the Everglades.
Gulf Shores
This resort community is known for its bright white beaches and soothing warm water. Daytime activities include scenic cruises, dolphin-watching and hiking. A great place for families, Gulf Shores has The Track, a family recreation center with bumper boats, and also the Alabama Gulf Coast Zoo.
Gatlinburg
Gatlinburg, at the heart of Great Smoky Mountains National Park, is an ideal base for a family looking to explore the park's numerous offerings. After you've gone hiking, fishing, rafting or horseback riding, ride an elevator 342 feet to the top of the Gatlinburg Space Needle for stunning views of the Smokies. There's also an amusement center next door with nifty rides and games.
St. Pete Beach
Sugary-white sand, dolphins frolicking just off shore and eight major barrier islands make St. Pete Beach a postcard-perfect seaside destination. Situated on a peninsula off Florida's west coast, it balances its oceanfront charms with top-notch art museums, including the largest collection of Salvador Dali paintings outside of Spain. Kayak through the calm waters, take a ferry to nearby Caladesi Island State Park to experience the state's wild beauty or stroll the rapidly gentrifying downtown for one-of-a-kind cafes.
Nassau
Nassau teems with Bahamian and British flavor. The capital city of the Bahamas boasts miles of spectacular beaches and stretches of vivid coral reefs perfect for snorkeling. Shop, dine, and sightsee, particularly along busy Bay Street, or if you're a James Bond fan, visit the British Colonial Hotel, which was used as a filming location for two of the Sean Connery-era movies. Visit during the famed Junkanoo Festival to experience a high-energy parade of spectacularly costumed dancers.
Popular Countries
Costa Rica
Embraced by the Pacific Ocean and the Caribbean Sea, Costa Rica has been attracting eco-tourists for decades, thanks to rich biodiversity and abundant wildlife. Here you’ll find splendid beaches that spill into sparkling blue waters, peaceful conservation areas, and outstanding adventure sports. Get in touch with ancient civilizations at the National Museum or tiptoe to the edge of a crater at Poás Volcano National Park. Surfers will dig the unparalleled conditions of the Guanacaste province.
United States
Spanning 2,800 miles (4,506 kilometers) from east to west, the US is a vast patchwork of landscapes and metropolises. From Arizona’s red-rocked canyons and California’s coastal beaches to New York’s big city and Virginia’s storied past, it covers any topic any traveler could want or need.
Belize
According to famed diver Jacques Cousteau, the Great Blue Hole of Belize is one of the most spectacular dive sites on earth. The crystal-clear sapphire waters are home to colorful tropical fish and several species of reef sharks – ideal for brave divers who love to get up close and personal with sea life. On dry ground, diverse rainforests, mangrove swamps, and Mayan ruins are perfect for exploration. The beaches of Belize are sunny and tranquil spots for a day of relaxation.
Lounging on smooth Caribbean sands can be more restorative than the most luxurious spa treatment. Stretches of white and black beaches spill into the coolest, bluest waters of your dreams. A Caribbean island is the perfect literal jumping off point for a snorkeling or dive excursion, and the sea life seems just as welcoming as the islanders themselves. Sipping a tropical a cocktail while the sun paints the sky in shades of tangerine, you’ll ask yourself: “Is this heaven?”
Italy
From the silvery crests of the Alps to the sparkling Mediterranean Sea, Italy’s beauty is unparalleled. A visit could mean marveling at the Colosseum after a tender plate of pasta, or drifting lazily down a canal, your belly full of local Sangiovese. Explore Tuscan vineyards and olive groves or drool over boutiques in fashionable Milan. Look for mermaids from the cliffs of Sorrento or nibble on Parma’s famous cheese and prosciutto. Anywhere you choose, the country will captivate you.
Thailand
The lush jungles of Thailand promise adventure, while the serene beaches are the perfect place to splash in the sun. The Similan Islands feature some of the best dive sites in the world, where barracuda dart amid coral reefs and rock formations. Party in the nightclubs of Patong or linger over mango sticky rice at the famous Bangkok family restaurant Kao Neoo Korpanich. The city of Chiang Mai is an absolute must-visit; a mosaic of ancient temples, massage parlors, music venues, and markets.
Germany
From the fairy-tale castles and medieval villages of Bavaria to the Rhine Valley's UNESCO-listed landscapes and the storied monuments of Berlin, Germany has many faces. Steeped in history, cities like Cologne, Frankfurt, and Hamburg are also among the coolest cultural hubs in Europe.
Austria
As home to majestic mountains, opulent palaces, and high culture, Austria's attractions are classically sumptuous and enduring. But beyond the waltzes, the strudels, the alpine summits, and Habsburg architecture, its modern cities are proof of just how easily Austria combines the contemporary with the historic.
Greece
Greece is one of those rare places where ancient history is still very much a part of modern life. Visitors are as much drawn to the country’s epic intellectual history as its beauty and charm. Make time for the iconic features of the Acropolis of Athens, which include the Parthenon, the Erechtheion, and the Temple of Athena Nike. Mythology buffs will appreciate Crete, Olympia, Samos, and Naxos for their mythological significance. For a peaceful beach vacation, the island of Santorini is perfect.
Japan
In the Land of the Rising Sun, ancient temples sit alongside neon wonderlands and shinto shrines offer pockets of peace amid metropolises. Add tea ceremonies, snow monkeys, sushi, kimonos, and karaoke to the mix, and you’ve got one of the world’s most fascinating countries.
Fiji
From the traditional Bobo massages to the therapeutic rays of South Pacific sun, the islands of Fiji offer visitors the ultimate in relaxation. Take a fragrant stroll through the botanical gardens of Nadi before settling in on the beach to watch the sun slip down for the night. Nap in the shade of a Savusavu palm tree, or float in the lagoons of Viti Levu. The waterfalls and lush rainforest of Taveuni Island are peaceful places to commune with nature at your own pace.
United Arab Emirates
Nomadic tribal heritage and modern society co-exist in the UAE, a federation of seven emirates at the southeastern edge of the Arabian Peninsula. Look beyond the desert that consumes four-fifths of its area and you'll find UAE capital Abu Dhabi, an oil-rich city of skyscrapers, parks and malls, and Dubai, with its split personality of luxury resorts and covered marketplaces, upscale boutiques and local artisans. For a break from urban sprawl, journey over rolling red sand dunes into the Hatta Mountains, where the 200-year-old Sharia Mosque sits amid 30 restored buildings of sandalwood and mud.
Switzerland
From the storybook villages and dizzying peaks of the Swiss Alps to the lakeside resorts of Geneva and Lucerne, landlocked Switzerland serves up some of Europe’s most enchanting scenery (along with some of its most delicious cheeses and chocolates, too).
Portugal
Portugal’s Mediterranean charm is most prominent on the golden beaches of the Algarve; in the wilderness of the Azores islands; among the vineyards of Douro Valley; and on the cobbled streets of Lisbon and Porto, where old-world culture meets cosmopolitan bars and restaurants.
With 26 UNESCO-declared world heritage sites, charming colonial towns and dozens of thrilling cities, there's plenty to explore in this country of 109 million. Outside the cities, stunning Pacific beaches, stark deserts, mangrove swamps and swimming holes provide all you need for a relaxing, romantic or adventurous vacation. Captivating, cosmopolitan and chaotic Mexico City and the 32 states offer an incredible abundance of experiences, from laid-back and leisurely to upbeat to adrenalin-charging.
Croatia
Croatia makes quite a splash. With Grade 3 and 4 rafting and kayaking available on rivers that gush through lush forest, and sea kayaking on the coast, it's the perfect place to paddle. For a different pace, dive into the Adriatic's graveyard of vessels, clamber limestone cliffs or sail between 1200 islands.
France
There's much more to France than Paris—from the fairy-tale châteaux of the Loire Valley to the lavender fields of Provence, and the French Riviera's celebrity-studded beaches. World-famous gastronomy and fine wines provide the perfect complement to the country's alpine views and architectural masterpieces.
Ireland
Woven with wild greenery and Gaelic legends, Ireland is one of Europe’s most prized jewels. Rugged Atlantic beaches and mystery-shrouded sites rub shoulders with the cosmopolitan cities of Belfast and Dublin, where literary history and warm Irish hospitality are always in abundance.
Panama
The Netherlands
Discover the real Holland and experience the true essence of Dutch culture for yourself. Admire the stunning tulip fields bursting with vibrant color, taste award-winning cheese, take a relaxing canal cruise around the city or explore the pretty, flat landscape like the locals do - by bike.
Popular Continents and Regions
Europe
From the mighty fjords in the north to the ancient Greek ruins in the south, all the way to the volcanic Azores in the west and the monumental architecture in the east, Europe's unique blend of history, landscapes, and cultures must be seen to be believed.
North America
Asia
Central America
South America
Middle East
Africa
South Pacific
Find Family Resorts in these other favorite destinations
US/Canada
Georgia Family Resorts
Missouri Family Resorts
South Carolina Family Resorts
Alabama Family Resorts
Massachusetts Family Resorts
Virginia Family Resorts
Connecticut Family Resorts
Oregon Family Resorts
Kentucky Family Resorts
New Mexico Family Resorts
Sardinia Family Resorts
Sicily Family Resorts
Antalya Family Resorts
Crete Family Resorts
Spain Family Resorts
Hungary Family Resorts
Tenerife Family Resorts
Albania Family Resorts
Denmark Family Resorts
Poland Family Resorts
Caribbean/Mexico
San Juan Family Resorts
Antigua Family Resorts
Curaçao Family Resorts
Cabo San Lucas Family Resorts
Barbados Family Resorts
Anguilla Family Resorts
Cayman Islands Family Resorts
Cozumel Family Resorts
St Martin / St Maarten Family Resorts
St. Croix Family Resorts
Asia/Pacific & Australia
Negombo Family Resorts
Phuket Family Resorts
Krabi Province Family Resorts
Sri Lanka Family Resorts
Perak Family Resorts
Chiang Mai Family Resorts
Munnar Family Resorts
Pattaya Family Resorts
French Polynesia Family Resorts
Hyderabad Family Resorts
Africa & Middle East
Zanzibar Island Family Resorts
Abu Dhabi Family Resorts
Seychelles Family Resorts
Dubai Family Resorts
Mauritius Family Resorts
Oman Family Resorts
Morocco Family Resorts
Nairobi Family Resorts
Ras Al Khaimah Family Resorts
Kenya Family Resorts
Central/South America
Province of Guanacaste Family Resorts
Roatan Family Resorts
Manuel Antonio Family Resorts
Brazil Family Resorts
El Salvador Family Resorts
Tamarindo Family Resorts
Colombia Family Resorts
Ambergris Caye Family Resorts
Nicaragua Family Resorts
Argentina Family Resorts
$ USD
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Jordi Lippe-McGraw
