Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsLuxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Da Nang Luxury Beach Resorts
Luxury Beach Resorts in Da Nang
Ocean views, beachside dining, cooling breeze...what more could you ask for?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Beachfront
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Matches:Beachfront
Missing:LuxuryResort
Tuyet Son Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
54 reviews
In Da Nang
#162 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel has a gorgeous hotel rooftop pool and is super close to the beach and other amenities such as a pharmacy, grocery store, and souvenir shops."
"The rooms are pretty typical of the type you find here but the views of the beach are spectacular."
Ana Maison Boutique Hotel
298 reviews
#119 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"For the price we pay we can not ask for more, you can not expect to pay 20€ for a room with breakfast, and get a 5 **** hotel, so the hotel was very good with a good breakfast Hotel 5 min walking to the beach and..."
7 Seven Sea Hotel
20 reviews
#236 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Must have the friendliest, most genuinely cheerful staff in Vietnam. Stayed three nights, booked it on Airbnb . It’s sea front location is fine, several very, very good restaurants within walking distance. The room..."
"Best part of this place is the breakfast. Anything you could imagine, and then some is in this buffet. Hotel is right across from the beach, has a nice fresh shellfish joint a block away. Room was clean, WiFi was..."
Santori Hotel Danang Bay
29 reviews
#28 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Nice location and easy to get around. Extremely nice staff and super helpful. Nice rooms and well equipped bathroom. Pool is amazing and we were always there by ourselves! The breakfast is made fresh and is very..."
"I stayed at the Santori while travelling through Vietnam and the hotel was a good base to explore the town and the wider area. The room was super cheap and was ok but the air con wasn’t that great but it was fine..."
Sekong Hotel Danang
19 reviews
#246 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I would recommend the family room with balcony, it has a superb view to the beach and the surrounding mountains."
"Nice hotel on the Beach at Danang close to restaurants and great beach."
Navy Hotel Da Nang
12 reviews
#234 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"What an incredible find! This hotel is perfect for a quiet getaway. It's situated about 20 minutes from town by taxi. You have the best of both worlds, tranquility and seclusion and the city on your doorstep. The..."
"This is wonderful hotel with private beach. Staff is friendly and professional. Hotel manager always support us any time and offer some great benefits. Happy to have a holiday here. Surely come back if having any..."
Alisia Hotel
27 reviews
#262 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"-Location for private beach access without main stream disturbance."
"Nice hotel located opposite the beach"
Adaline Hotel & Suite
271 reviews
#123 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Beach life 🏖️"
Casa Mia Apartment & Hotel
1 review
#428 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
Sunny Ocean Hotel & Spa
57 reviews
#146 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Location was pretty good, close to the beach and restaurants and 30-60k VND to the markets and dragon bridge."
"Sweet hotel in a great location just one block from the beautiful beach."
Da Nang Daisy Apartment
3 reviews
#120 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"We had a trip to Danang and got a really late check in at 12:00. But the host still kindly waited and directed us. There is a comfortable and cozy space with great service. We will come back when we go to Danang"
Green Sea Hotel
#147 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"I was in the room deluxe double, overlooking the sea. Very comfortable bed, clean room spacious. Breakfast is quite ambiance, combined with wood furniture makes me feel very cozy, wonderful. Particularly friendly..."
"I am traveling to Da Nang for meeting with the Customer, and I have the chance for stay at Green Sea Hotel, they're completely new brand with Luxury wood furniture, their's staff communicate good in English and..."
Abogo
5 reviews
#542 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"ABOGO TERRIBLE COMPANY THEY DONT REFUND MONEY FOR 30 DAYS BUT THEY TAKE IT IN 2 MINUTES I WILL NEVER USE THIS SERVICE AGAIN WAS USING FOR OVER 30 DAYS SPENT ALOT OF MONEY WITH THE COMPANY BUT NEVER AGAIN"
"The property was different from what was advertised. There were marks on the walls throughout, cracks in the walls, and multiple holes in the decking which was a safety hazard. The hotel management were very..."
Nesta Hotel - Da Nang
523 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#5 of 71 hotels in My An
"As it is close to the fantastic Mike Beach, it has good access to the beach, and there are two Starbucks and Highlands coffee shops on both sides, so you can freely choose and eat coffee."
"With a good location, quality service and beautiful space, this is a great destination to relax and enjoy Da Nang beach."
Sea Light Hotel
8 reviews
2.0 miles from Da Nang
#8 of 71 hotels in My An
"I really enjoy my time in Sea Light hotel. I love friendly staffs and position. In the restaurant, I ate a lot of Asian foods. Pho is so delicious. The staff always smile while they are working. I will back here."
"The hotel on a small road, it is quiet although it’s in the center of Da Nang. They offers good location, not far from the beach, easy to walk there. Many restaurants and motorbikes for rent around. The room is good..."
Pandora Boutique Da Nang
35 reviews
#183 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Hotel staff are all so lovely and helpful. Tram helped us a lot during our stay and is a lovely girl! Great location, close to the beach and lots of restaurants surrounding the hotel. Rooms are clean and comfy..."
"We stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and it was great!! The staff are amazing! They will do anything to help you if they can. We used their car service for a day trip to Hoi An and it was a lovely day. They also..."
Sea Vista Boutique Hotel
11 reviews
#231 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The host is a very nice gentleman, well communicated with fluent in English , so efficiency to answer my questions and arrangements. The hotel apartment is big enough, so cosy clean and quiet . Meanwhile it’s..."
"Our room was clean and bright. The hotel was just minutes away from the beach, and the service was top notch. We’ll definitely comeback again. They do have cheap transportation too so that was a plus. I and my wife..."
Golden Lotus Hotel Da Nang
462 reviews
#61 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The breakfast has been amazing as well (everything you could possibly want before heading out to explored the city😋😋😋) Finally, the location is brilliant right on the beautiful My Khe beach🏖️ I will definitely..."
"... Hotel appears to be the best accomodation we enjoyed on our throughout-Vietnam trip for some reasons: 1) Best value: The room is clean & spacious (4 years old hotel) for 4 persons, well-equipped, with beach view."
Rung Huong Apartment
#181 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"We wanted something a little different than a resort so we looked into an apartment with our whole family. This place is nice with three bedrooms and two bathrooms. We loved the location in not being in a really..."
Golden Line Hotel
51 reviews
#141 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Excellent hotel, convenient to the marvellous beach and restaurants etc. Rooms are nice and modern, ultra clean, ."
"The location was perfect, so close to an amazing beach and lots of shops, bars and restaurants."
Vacation Homes Perfect Point Villa
#511 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"My family and I loved staying here! Excellent property. Excellent location! My sons lived in the private pool (day and night) all six days! This is an excellent hotel option (about 10 minutes away from the hustle..."
"沒有Prefect Private pool villa ,是騙局 幾日了解總結:thao 是prefect villa(可能有多間）擁有人，位於the point 裡面，只有她知道這個名，她用附近酒店既相（ocean villa)欺騙顧客，任何人訂左prefect她可安排任何一間屋，沒有任何設施，有人每天執房，沒有見過任何服務員除了自稱經理的來收錢。間屋除了污租，其他ok..."
Trung Duong Da Nang Beach Hotel
22 reviews
#86 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"This is a very nice and clean small hotel in Da Nang. It is a short stroll to the beach and surrounded by numerous seafood restaurants along with quite a few food snacks kiosks in the afternoon. We stayed in an..."
"Been in a Business Trip to Da Nang and stay 2 nights in the hotel over the weekend for a short break. Nice location close to the beach, love it very much. Hotel staff is very friendly, it is very helpful to me as I..."
Ocean Luxury Villas
#154 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"My big family stayed in the 4 bedrooms villa for 3 nights. We are 8 adults and 5 kids. My baby is 8 months so I asked for a baby cot and the staff provided me one with a low price. I am very grateful for that. Our..."
Silana Hotel
6 reviews
#122 of 867 Specialty lodging in Da Nang
"Got this room for an unexpected friends visit to Danang. for the price an incredible bargain. only one minute from the beachfront and surrounded by great restaurants yoy wont find a better location than this and..."
Menora Premium Da Nang - Sea Corner Boutique
28 reviews
#232 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We arrived here and it was beautiful! My partner and the staff surprised me with a birthday balloon and bed spread. It was a small cost and it really made an impact! The staff were so lovely and helped us out with..."
"The hotel location is closed to beach, the room rate is included the daily breakfast, the price is very good for the person who doesn’t want to spend a lot of hotel accommodations. Although the hotel is small, the..."
Sen Boutique Villa Apartment
4 reviews
#90 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
Grand Mango Hotel Danang
165 reviews
#151 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This hotel is great value for money and situated close to the beach and eateries. The rooms are pleasant, bright, the beds are comfortable and clean. We stayed 2 nights and found the staff always very friendly, they..."
Missing:LuxuryBeachfrontResort
2023
Senorita Boutique Hotel
175 reviews
#4 of 71 hotels in My An
"This was a wonderful hotel. Great reception staff. Everyone was super friendly and courteous. Location was great for the beach. They gave you towels to take to the beach as well. Hotel room was exceptionally clean..."
Sakura Hotel
#147 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"Good staff, nice bright room with seaview. I and friends enjoy our time here. Da Nang is also a pretty destination for all types of holiday. I booked tour package at the hotel front desk with reasonable price. I..."
"such a wonderful location - takes 100 meters only to the beach. hotel is quite new, i got a very good price on Expedia .com, great value for a 3 hotel. service is good enough for all i needed. i will definitely come..."
Galaxy Hotel
15 reviews
#113 of 670 B&Bs / Inns in Da Nang
"I came here to avoid winter. This hotel is full of services: cafeteria, race car, taxi always in front. Full service for a 4 star hotel. We are in a convenient week for the thought of peace or to the city of Hue..."
"We stayed 03 nights, the room comfortable, buffet breakfast, if not we can order alacarte but very delicious, the staff friendly, they help me introduce some landscape and seafood restaurant, it very near go to..."
Popular destinations for Luxury Beach Resorts
Nha Trang
Nha Trang is best known for its beautiful sandy beaches. But visitors will also find amusement parks, mud baths, golf, and the historic Po Ngar temple complex, as well as a variety of hotels and restaurants. Adventurous foodies can sample bun cha ca, a soup made from sailfish and jellyfish.
Read more
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Zanzibar Island
The Zanzibar Archipelago, located in the Indian Ocean 15 miles off the coast of Tanzania, is a breathtaking spot to escape from the world. You’ll enjoy clear, turquoise-blue water; shallow sandbars perfect for wading; and many small, nearly deserted islands virtually unvisited by tourists. Explore the World Heritage Site of Stone Town, Zanzibar City’s old quarter. Or just go beach to beach between tiny fishing villages—each one's better than the next.
South Goa District
Popular Da Nang Categories
Boutique Hotels
5 Star Resorts
All Inclusive Resorts
Family Resorts
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about luxury beach resorts
What are the best luxury beach resorts near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have a pool?
Which luxury beach resorts are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best luxury beach resorts in Da Nang?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are romantic?
Which luxury beach resorts in Da Nang are good for families?
Do any luxury beach resorts in Da Nang offer free breakfast?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
The hotel has a gorgeous hotel rooftop pool and is super close to the beach and other amenities such as a pharmacy, grocery store, and souvenir shops.
The hotel has a gorgeous hotel rooftop pool and is
super close to the beach
and other amenities such as a pharmacy, grocery store, and souvenir shops.
The rooms are pretty typical of the type you find here but the views of the beach are spectacular.
The rooms are pretty typical of the type you find here but the views of the
beach
are spectacular.
I would recommend the family room with balcony, it has a superb view to the beach and the surrounding mountains.
I would recommend the family room with balcony, it has a superb view to the
and the surrounding mountains.
Nice hotel on the Beach at Danang close to restaurants and great beach.
Nice hotel on the Beach at Danang close to restaurants and
great beach
.
-Location for private beach access without main stream disturbance.
-Location for
private beach access
without main stream disturbance.
Nice hotel located opposite the beach
Nice hotel
located opposite the beach
Beach life 🏖️
Beach life
🏖️
Location was pretty good, close to the beach and restaurants and 30-60k VND to the markets and dragon bridge.
Location was pretty good, close to the
and restaurants and 30-60k VND to the markets and dragon bridge.
Sweet hotel in a great location just one block from the beautiful beach.
Sweet hotel in a great location just one block from the
beautiful beach
As it is close to the fantastic Mike Beach, it has good access to the beach, and there are two Starbucks and Highlands coffee shops on both sides, so you can freely choose and eat coffee.
As it is close to the fantastic Mike
Beach
, it has good access to the
, and there are two Starbucks and Highlands coffee shops on both sides, so you can freely choose and eat coffee.
With a good location, quality service and beautiful space, this is a great destination to relax and enjoy Da Nang beach.
With a good location, quality service and beautiful space, this is a great destination to relax and enjoy
Da Nang beach
The breakfast has been amazing as well (everything you could possibly want before heading out to explored the city😋😋😋) Finally, the location is brilliant right on the beautiful My Khe beach🏖️ I will definitely...
The breakfast has been amazing as well (everything you could possibly want before heading out to explored the city😋😋😋) Finally, the location is brilliant right on the beautiful My Khe
🏖️ I will definitely...
... Hotel appears to be the best accomodation we enjoyed on our throughout-Vietnam trip for some reasons: 1) Best value: The room is clean & spacious (4 years old hotel) for 4 persons, well-equipped, with beach view.
... Hotel appears to be the best accomodation we enjoyed on our throughout-Vietnam trip for some reasons: 1) Best value: The room is clean & spacious (4 years old hotel) for 4 persons, well-equipped, with
beach view
Excellent hotel, convenient to the marvellous beach and restaurants etc. Rooms are nice and modern, ultra clean, .
Excellent hotel, convenient to the
marvellous beach
and restaurants etc. Rooms are nice and modern, ultra clean, .
The location was perfect, so close to an amazing beach and lots of shops, bars and restaurants.
The location was perfect, so close to
an amazing beach
and lots of shops, bars and restaurants.
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
