Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Sung Sot Cave, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Sung Sot Cave
View map
Hotels near Sung Sot Cave
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Sung Sot Cave
Popular
5 stars
12
70
Breakfast included
88
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+136
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
130
Pool
54
Free parking
108
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
126
158
169
Hotel class
4 stars
25
3 stars
19
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
36
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
781 of 1,905 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Sung Sot Cave

Closest
1. The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
130 reviews
| Viet Hai, Cat Hai, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
4.3 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#1 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...”
2. CityBay Palace Hotel
84 reviews
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang, Halong Bay 01108, Vietnam
7.4 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#2 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...”
3. Halios Hotel Halong
15 reviews
38 Nguyen Du, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#3 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...”
4. Paddington Hotel Halong Bayview
3 reviews
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
7.2 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#4 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…”
5. Draha Halong Hotel
13 reviews
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…”
6. Best Western Premier Sapphire Ha Long
Building S2, Lot Hh05, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#6 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.”
7. The Almin Hotel
31 reviews
Duong 25/04 | Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
7.5 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#7 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...”
8. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
7.7 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#8 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
9. Sojo Hotel Ha Long
8 reviews
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…”
Visit hotel website
10. Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
Nam Cat Island | Lan Ha Bay, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
6.5 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#10 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...”
11. Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…”
12. Top One Halong Hotel
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...”
13. Hai Long Hotel
55 reviews
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...”
14. Ha Long Park Hotel
34 reviews
T_ 65, Khu 5, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…”
15. Harmony Halong Hotel
2 reviews
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4, Ha Long 02033, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...”
16. Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
146 to Vinh Dien, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
17. Halong Bai Tho Hotel
1 review
19-21 Lan Tuong, Ha Long 01000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
Highest-rated hotel within 7 miles of Sung Sot Cave
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
18. Luxury Hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha, Halong Bay, Vietnam
6.8 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#18 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...”
19. Ramada Hotel & Suites by Wyndham Halong Bay View
22 reviews
To Hien Thanh | Tran Hung Dao Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
7.9 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#19 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...”
20. Golden Palm HaLong Hotel
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina, Ha Long null, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...”
21. Samatha Hotel Bai Chay
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…”
22. The Enchanted Hotel
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
7.8 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#22 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
23. Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
Loc Vung 1- Duong, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
24. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
8.0 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#24 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
25. Lantana Ha Long Hotel
E409, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...”
26. Savanna Hotel
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
27. Green Suites Hotel
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road, Ha Long, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
28. Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
01 Ben Doan | Hong Gai, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
7.0 miles from Sung Sot Cave
#28 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...”
29. Green Capital Hotel
No.38 Hai Truong | Hong Hai Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...”
30. Luxstay Hotel Ha Long
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward, Ha Long 01110, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 1,905 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Sung Sot Cave information
Hotels Near Sung Sot Cave, Halong Bay
There are 1,313 Hotels close to Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay
Hotels Near Sung Sot Cave Reviews
There are 21,177 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Sung Sot Cave Photos
There are 28,449 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
4.01 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Sung Sot Cave
Do any hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have a pool?
Popular hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay that have a pool include:
Citadines Marina Halong - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
What are the best hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay?
Some of the best hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay are:
Paradise Suites Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay:
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay:
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay are romantic?
These hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay offer an adult pool?
Travelers enjoyed the adult pool at these hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay:
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Novotel Ha Long Bay - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Oakwood Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay are good for families?
Families traveling in Halong Bay enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Sung Sot Cave:
Do any hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay have a casino?
These hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay all have a casino:
Royal Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Ha Long Dream Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay allow pets?
These hotels near Sung Sot Cave in Halong Bay generally allow pets:
Merit Halong Hotel - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
781 of 1,905 properties
Clear all filters
Viet Hai, Cat Hai
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
The bungalow was cozy and as described with free
wifi, full bathroom, AC, and large bed with bug-netting. The grounds were very pretty and nestled in a quiet valley with hiking trail locations nearby ranging from...
156 Le Thanh Tong - Bach Dang
Halong Bay 01108,
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff is
very friendly and their service is very good. No one was hesitant to help us with any information we required. A bit on the pricy side, but you definitely get what you...
38 Nguyen Du
Ha Long 01000,
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
The rooms are beautifully designed and extremely
clean. The service attitude of the staff is very enthusiastic. I think that the hotel has very good customer service. I really like this hotel. If I come back to Ha...
S_ 2- Du_ng Di_n Bien Ph_- Phu_ng H_ng Ha
Halong Bay 200000,
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
Chloe was very helpful to let me know if the spa
facilities prior to the date we stay. We had a good use of the steam sauna room and the individual bath. The room was spacious and I enjoyed the bath tub. The…
Lot 21, Phu Gia 4, Vinhome Dragon Bay, Hong Gai
Ha Long 200000,
When we arrived the check in process was easy and the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
When we arrived the check in process was easy and
the staff were really helpful and nice. We got into the room and were immediately greeted by a putrid smell of sewage or fish. We had just got in from a 9hr long…
Building S2, Lot Hh05
Very good view, model equipment, large parking garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
Very good view, model equipment, large parking
garage, nice staff, quiet hotel however not far from the center of Ha Long city with many services, markets etc... Worthy to stay and enjoy nice facilities of the hotel.
Duong 25/04
Khu Do Thi Viet Han, Phuong Hong Gai
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Friendly staff, lovely spacious lobby. Room was a
good size very clean. Bathroom had a great shower. Bed was comfy pillows were very nice. Breakfast was tasty very good coffee. Shopping centre near by a few places...
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
168 Le Thanh Tong Street, Bach Dang Ward
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
I'm really impressed with Sojo hotel. It was the
first time I experienced smart hotel and I love everything about it. You don't have to be tech savvy to operate around your room thanks to the user-friendly app…
Nam Cat Island
Lan Ha Bay
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
Visited this “resort” as part of a package with
our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely...
No 08 ,Road 25/4, Hong Gai
Halong Bay,
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is
excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area…
D2 Suite, Unit 3,4,5 MonBay Urban Area
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
Nice hotel, good service, the best location in
Halong center. All the room had window or balcony with fresh air and sunny. I will be back next month. I love halong and i love this hotel. Ms. Quynh is very kind...
So 234 Duong 1 Thang 4 Thi Tran
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 18000,
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
Stayed for 1 night, room was big and clean but
the door to the room did not isolate any noise. When other guests where roaming the hallways, they could as well have been in our room. But everything worked out as...
T_ 65, Khu 5
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
We stayed here to two nights. It is a large
imposing hotel with living gardens hanging from the walls. Somewhat more appropriate for business travellers than tourists in my opinion. Easy to get around by…
So Nha, A45-MKL-Khu 4
Ha Long 02033,
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
The welcoming staff is very enthusiastic and
supports the whole family during their vacation here. Score 10 for quality and service. Rooms are airy, clean, beautiful, the hotel is located right in the center...
146 to Vinh Dien
19-21 Lan Tuong
Highest-rated hotel
52, Alley 3, Hai Ha
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local
places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got...
To Hien Thanh
Tran Hung Dao Ward
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
The RAMADA by Wyndham Ha Long hotel truly serves
as an exquisite haven to admire the subtle beauty of the Bai Chay Ha Long Bridge. With its prime location, my family and I had a memorable week-long stay. From our...
A66-67 Tuan Chau internation marina
Ha Long null,
We arrived very late on night, but the receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
We arrived very late on night, but the
receptionist waited for us and made a quick check in in order for us to get the key quickly. The room was very clean, with a nice view on the bay. Beds were big and...
M2-30 Shophouse Sun Plaza
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel. They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
Very friendly family-owned and staffed hotel.
They allowed us to do early check-in which is extra great. There are a lot of other hotels nearby and Samatha has a very quiet neighborhood. The lady helped me to fix…
HD7-37, Khu Ngh_ Du_ng Sun Primier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
Loc Vung 1- Duong
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
E409, Sun Premier Village
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine.
The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673,
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road
Ha Long,
01 Ben Doan
Hong Gai
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment
Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and...
No.38 Hai Truong
Hong Hai Ward
We booked one night in a two bed room with windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
We booked one night in a two bed room with
windows in the Green Capital Hotel via booking.com. We choosed the hotel because of the pictures of modern and clean rooms they showed on the page. We came with a night...
A3-02 Monbay, Hai Long, Hong Hai Ward
Ha Long 01110,
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed. The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
We came to the hotel and the hotel was closed.
The stuff was inside so They just looked at us and didn’t open the door for 20 min. Then they went out . And told us through the google translate ( they didn’t speak...
3
4
5
6
…
Citadines Marina Halong
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Halong Plaza Hotel
Paradise Suites Hotel
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Novotel Ha Long Bay
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Oakwood Ha Long
Royal Halong Hotel
Ha Long Dream Hotel
Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
Merit Halong Hotel
The Whisper of Nature Bungalow
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
8
9
10
11
13
14
15
16
17
18
20
21
22
23
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
