Exploring Cairo’s street food scene
After three bites of macarona bechamel, I foreshadowed returning to my room at the Steigenberger Hotel Cairo and collapsing onto my bed in a calorie-laden stupor 'til morning. I would thank Bellies En Route’s food tour for the deliciously uncomfortable gift and let the sheep count me [to sleep].
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Alan P
Perth, Australia6 contributions
0
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Galaxy Cruise - Halong Bay
Jul 2012 • Couples
My wife and I have just returned from the two night/three day cruise on the Galaxy Cruise boat in Halong Bay.
There are a lot of cruise companies and we chose this because of previous comments on tripadvisor.
We were picked up from our hotel in a very modern bus with good aircon and comfortable seating. The drive out was typical Vietnamese style but we felt very safe.
The boat looked quite old (they all did!) but our room had modern amenities and was extremely clean with clean linen and aircon worked fine. There was a good fridge; it’s worth saying that some people we spoke to (from other boats) said their rooms didn’t have a fridge. There was no safe, but the rooms were lockable.
There was way too much food to eat. Mostly seafood based and cooked lovely with garnish that was very impressive.
All of the staff were excellent, they were cheerful, and tried to assist whenever they could. We had two tour guides, Dwon and Hoan (not sure about the spelling); Hoan’s nickname is ‘happy’. They were fantastic, both very lovely people, they were very cheerful and tried to assist wherever possible. We heard some awful stories of tour guides and staff on other boats but I can’t praise ours enough.
The trip included kayaking around the caves, swimming, pearl farm visit, fishing village, and the opportunity to climb one of the hills.
I have absolutely no hesitation in recommending Galaxy Cruise to you, particularly if you have Dwon and/or Hoan as your guide. I also suggest you do the two night cruise as we saw so much more of the Bay; and the Kayaking on the second day was even better than the first.
Written July 15, 2012
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
mpgreenberg
Jacksonville Beach, FL46 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Au Co cruise
Jun 2012 • Couples
My wife and I booked the Au Co cruise, even though it was a bit more expensive than what we were looking to pay, we decided to splurge. As has been reported, many people book the regular Baya Classic and are upgraded to the new boat for free. This seems like it would be ideal due to how expensive it is if you book online. I must say, we had a blast, the boat and esp the crew were just fantastic. At one point one of the guests was having a hard time getting back to the boat due to being tired (and over weight) and two of the crew thought he was in trouble and actually jumped into the water with their clothes on the help him. That is how dedicated they are. The boat is by far the largest in the bay compared with the other cruises. They kept us busy with very fun things to do (kayaking, biking, swimming, cave exploring). Make sure you do the Cat Ba bike ride, very neat to ride through the simple Vietnamese villiage and good exercise. Overall, just a great experience and we are very glad we chose Au Co. The Captain is really funny Aussy too!
Written June 19, 2012
RARHJB12
Moura, Australia124 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Scam city! Lies lies!! Around 10 companies made up stories about bad weather and took everyone back to Hanoi - so disappointing!
So after the long bus trip, the company we were with (aurora) told everyone that we had to wait an hour to hear if halong bay management gave news if we could go out or not. An hr later they said a typhoon was coming And we could catch a local bus back to Hanoi or pay for a day trip and they would organise a bus back. Since we had driven all that way already and trying to catch a local bus with our big backpacks would have been a nightmare we went with the day trip.(exactly what the company wanted) we went out, had a very average lunch, climbed up into the caves with every other company, took the boat around to the fishing village and went kayaking and then home. We didn't get back to hanoi until 10pm and then had to find a hotel. We were told by two hotels that their recommended halong bay cruises were ok and staying in the bay and that there was no typhoon! We almost cried! They take our money for 3 days 2 nights, drive us all the way out there and then all these companies lie to everyone!!?! :(
Written May 29, 2012
Chris Z
Fort Myers, FL23 contributions
Unforgettable experience
Oct 2011
A brand new Cruise company with the "Sans Sousi" its only boat, we booked 2 nights/3 days cruising through the Halong Bay in northern Vietnam. And it was perfect. The crew, the food, the excursions we could choose and the comfort of our own cabine. Just great.
Written October 17, 2011
Leon89256
London, England, United Kingdom1 contribution
Aclass Opera cruise - what an AHHMAZING experience
Oct 2011 • Friends
First ofall, that was the very first trip we have ever been in Ha Long bay, we had heard of it as one of the most beautiful and most visted places in Vietnam so our expectation was already high ... but WOW, once we were there, it blew us away even more than we could eveer imagine ... the pictures u see on the internet are nothing compared to the real thing

Part of why it made such a beautiful experience to us was cos of the brilliant service we got on the Aclass Opera cruise. It was a 2-day and one day trip and we really had such a wonderful time there. The staff was very very friendly, spoke and understood English perfectly, the cruise was brand-new, clean and Vietnam-ish. Especially the food provided on the cruise was surprisingly very very lovely, believe me when I say the food was nice because I am not very easily pleased when it comes to food.
The programme of the cruise was full-on, u wont miss anything about Ha Long after this trip :). However, the best thing about it was that the programme still alowed us to have relaxing time to just lay on the boat, take everything in and make friends with other there.
All in all, I highly recommend Ha Long bay and this particular Aclass Opera cruise trip to everyone here. Hope u will have a lovely lovely time like we really did.
Written October 16, 2011
Sarah P
Cheltenham, UK9 contributions
Exceptional Sans Souci Cruise in Halong Bay
This was an outstanding trip for 2 days 1 night provided by Mr Hao and his crew through Halong Bay. My boyfriend and I were part of a mixed group of 9 people and we had a superb time. The boat itself was very clean and well presented. We were both shocked at how big our double bedroom and ensuite bathroom was, which included a great rainforest shower cubicle. As soon as we boarded the boat the staff were extremely friendly and helpful and catered for our needs throughout the trip very well. They also were really keen to participate in Kareoke during the evening, which made it less painless for the embarassed tourists. But everyone was really keen to get involved and soon there was no stopping us! The places we visited were amazing too. The caves, fishing village and swimming lagoon were thoroughly enjoyable, which was matched perfectly with your own free time on deck to soak up the atmosphere of the beautiful bay and rock formations. Sunset was very special too. The food served on board was exceptional. From the moment we stepped foot on board we were provided with the most delicious selection of seafood imaginable. We defintiely didn't go hungry at any point and we were so impressed with the food quality it's difficult to explain without eating it for yourself. We did the 2 day 1 night trip due to the weather conditions but if we could have we would have loved to have stayed on the boat for another day. I thoroughly reccommend this tour to anybody as we met some fantastic people - it wasn't just couple oriented or people of certain ages - a real mix! Well worth the money spent, it has left us with some fantastic memories. Thank you Sans Souci Cruise!
Written October 5, 2011
A3
Long Branch, NJ16 contributions
Really is that beautiful
May 2011 • Couples
What to say about such a gorgeous place? Definately worth seeing, especially at sunset.
Finding tour companies featuring Halong Bay in Hanoi is easy. However, knowing which one to trust is more tricky. I can't say we did well. The day we booked, it seems, they didn't have many people, so they put us on a smaller and older boat. Rather untidy and food was bad. Best sea food available all around and they served lousy fried crap. We questioned the tour guide about the boat and he assured us that we were on the correct one. It wasn't. So, be careful who you book with and it probably is worth it to go for a better, even more expensive, one. Nonetheless, it still was amazing. Just seeing the bay was worthy of the time and effort. Must see it.
Written August 25, 2011
JenInMontreal
Ferney-Voltaire95 contributions
Excursion of a Lifetime
Aug 2011
We did the 2-day/1-night cruise, which was just the right amount of time. We booked through Handspan Travel Agency in Hanoi Old Quarter, just two days in advance. Handspan is reputedly more ecofriendly than most agencies. Their transfer operation was smooth and comfortable. The drive to Halong City took 3 and a half hours, 4 hours return.
Having heard the reports of two separate tourist junks sinking in Halong Bay with considerable loss of life in the last year, we were a bit wary, but were soon reassured by the good reputation of the company as well as by the serious safety briefing at the start of our cruise. It is clear just by looking at the vessel that it is perfectly sturdy and seaworthy, with a no-nonsense crew .
We had a double cabin with two twin beds that they put together to make one bed just large enough for us and our 5-year-old to sleep comfortably. We loved lying in bed watching the breathtaking scenery float by the wall-to-wall windows. The bathroom and shower are sparkling with plentiful hot water. There is also a safe, bathrobes and flipflops, as well as safety equipment such as a flashlight and a large mallet to break the windows if the ship sinks. There is a panic buttons outside each cabin door.
The cabin and common areas were well airconditioned.
For an outfit with a captive audience, they definitely don't skimp on the food. Drinks are not included, but aren't as much of a gouge as you might expect.
Activities: We stopped at a beach near Titop that was tiny, but scenic and livened up by Vietnamese daytrippers who gave us the brief illusion that we weren't on the tourist trail. Towels and chilled bottles of water are handed out as you get off the tender boat. In the evening, we were taken by rowboat to see one of the floating villages, and we enjoyed peering into people's open windows and doors to see how they live and work. The other option was an hour of kayaking for an extra $10. While the top deck of the junk is scorching during the day, it cools off nicely after dusk, and we lounged on the deckchairs (of which there are many) sipping wine. We opted out of the cave visit the next morning, choosing instead to laze around alternately in bed and on deck.
Breakfast was very good. When our guide, Mr. T, was informed by our daughter that it was her birthday, he had a giant melon carved up into a flower design and presented it to her at our table, with everyone singing 'Happy Birthday', a very nice surprise indeed!
Note that they only put the sails up, for show, in the morning.
This really is the best way to see Halong Bay.
Written August 22, 2011
Ombudsmannen
Helsinki, Finland84 contributions
Nice experience
Jun 2011
There is no option Family, or Family with adult children, I have to choose Family with teenagers. On our 22 days tour around Vietnam we took a one night/two days cruise on Ha Long Bay. The operator was Indochina Junk, our vessel was Lagoon Explorer. We were five adults and we had the whole ship to ourselves, with a 5 member crew. The interior was quite nice, there was 5 air conditioned cabins + a dining room inside, and a large open deck with a covered dining area and sundeck with chairs. The first day we lunch while cruising in the magnificent Bai Tu Long Bay, admiring the fascinating rock formations. Later we enjoyed swimming in the crystal clear water., explored the secluded Thien Canh Son Cave. Had a short cruise to Hon Co Island where we relaxed on a white sandy beach, swimming and took a kayak tour. In the evening we had a nice dinner and stay overnight on board. Following morning we enjoy the bay’s morning landscape while we had breakfast in the open air. After breakfast we visited Vung Vieng fishing village in a rustic rowing-boat, met the local people and pass through the floating school and fish farms. It was very fascinating to see how the fishermen live with their families. Then we had some more leisure time for swimming in the middle of the bay. Later we cruised back to Ha Long Bay harbour while we enjoyed a good lunch.
Most annoying was the overpriced beer, drinks and wine on board. A can of beer cost 8000 VND in the local supermarket, on board they charge 50.000 VND for a beer. It's only 1,65 € for a can but if compared to the local prices it's a robbery. Drinks and wines charged in the same way. Our bill for drinks and wine we had on board was 85 € witch is a a lot considering Vietnam general price levels. Because of the feeling being ripped off we had no positive feelings about tipping the crew. Otherwise we were very pleased.
Our whole Vietnam tour, including all hotel stays, car with guide and driver + all attractions, was arranged by Vivu Travel from Hanoi. Their service was first class and prices very competitive. I recommend Vivu Travel warmly. The same owner has also an other agency, KT Adventures, they can arrange all kind of tours and activities for you.
Written August 21, 2011
Becca_G8
Santa Barbara, CA79 contributions
Huong Hai Junk, nice trip, great guide.
We took a 2 night cruise with Huong Hai Junk. We liked the boat, just the right size (has five double rooms-small but nice). the boat has three levels, the lower level is the bedrooms, second level is the restaurant, the top level is a sun/viewing deck.
Day one was disappointing, we did not like the trip to the cave, very crowded with tourists, and if you have been to limestone caves before it is not that interesting. Two of us kayaked, which was fun. at night all boats are required to anchor in one bay, which was okay, but a bit smelly (all engines running). Day two was great, we were able to get further out to see fabulous views, and went on a great kayak trip to a beach. Virtually no other tourists were seen. Our guide was great, lots of great discussions about the area and his life. The last morning we took a smaller boat through a tunnel into a lagoon where monkeys can be seen. Unfortunately the monkeys are fed by the guides and tourists, so they are not really wild. The lagoon was dirty and crowded with tourists, not worthwhile. the takeaway message is don't bother with a one night tour if you want to see really beautiful and pristine views.
The food was overly plentiful (9 or 10 dishes). It was fresh and okay, but too many fried dishes. All beverages are charged as extra, including water. You are also charged if you bring your own wine, so there is no way around it.
Written April 19, 2011
1
…
39
40
41
Showing results 391-400 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Perth, Australia
6 contributions
transparency report
Jacksonville Beach, FL
46 contributions
Moura, Australia
124 contributions
Fort Myers, FL
23 contributions
London, England, United Kingdom
1 contribution
Cheltenham, UK
Long Branch, NJ
16 contributions
Ferney-Voltaire
95 contributions
Helsinki, Finland
84 contributions
Santa Barbara, CA
79 contributions
