Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCheap Hotels in Can Tho
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Can Tho
Cheap Hotels in Can Tho
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
132 reviews
In Can Tho
#30 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
International Hotel
55 reviews
#28 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view..."
"We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is still..."
Fit Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#31 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#32 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
Holiday Hotel
29 reviews
#33 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Bed was comfortable, noisy exhaust fan in bathroom, air-con worked well. Breakfast was ok. Only issue we had was handing over our passports at check in & advised we would get them back at 5pm, but when we returned..."
"We stayed one night as we were passing through. The room was spacious and clean and the breakfast was adequate. Staff are friendly. Located beside nice bars and restaurants. Good value for the price paid."
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals..."
"Great little hotel in the hustle and bustle of the markets. A good central location. Rooms are well presented, clean and have all Amenities. Staff are friendly, helpful and can point you in the right direction..."
Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
#39 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
#40 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Khanh Duong Hotel
#46 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great little family run hotel. We booked it in AGODA for $11 a night for a double. We were given the third floor no elevator, other than that I cannot understand why it is so cheap. The staff are so nice and..."
Lion Hotel
#49 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
An Hotel Can Tho
#50 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"AN Hotel Can Tho Nice hotel, check in was very easy. Room was basic but okay, beds were hard but bedding was okay. Not a great deal to do around here, but we were exploring the Mekong Delta so just a..."
Kim Khanh Hotel
#51 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Not too far from the river and the different eateries in the center. But off the main, busy roads, which makes it a pleasant place to rest after touring the delta, away from the bustling of the streets. The owner..."
"My family and I only stayed there for one night. The staff was indeed friendly and helpful. We had a familiy room (space for 4+baby) at the top. The view from the adjoining terrace was marvelous. The breakfast was..."
Lan Vy Hotel
14 reviews
#54 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"It was a busy weekend in Can Tho as all the major hotels were booked and Lan Vy was one of the few available so I thought I’d take a chance. I reserved a room on booking.com and upon approaching the hotel all I..."
"The hotel itself is one of those situations which annoys me. Meaning, that it has the potential to be a fabulous place, but alas, the reality is far from it. Their rates are very affordable but you totally get what..."
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
#55 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the..."
Anh Thu Hotel
#56 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I stayed at the Anh Thu Hotel because I wanted to go to see the football match at the stadium which is opposite the hotel, so the location was perfect for me. Otherwise, the location is an issue as it is far from..."
"The Anh Thu Hotel in Can Tho was firmly in the budget category, this essentially means it is on the edge of living in poverty. Room rate $15-20 a standard double & about 1.5kms from town. You know you are living..."
Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
#57 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main..."
"Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights next to the main road easy to find and not far to night market (for me) around 20mins. Room was clean and comfortable. Staff are friendly and helpful. Breakfast was okay."
Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
#60 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the..."
"This hotel is right on the river and next to the market, at the south end of the central part of town. It was fascinating to watch the boat traffic from the room (I think all the rooms have common balconies). On the..."
Tan Phuoc 2
#59 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Went on tripadvisor review recommendations but very disappointed. The receptionist had a very bad and unhelpful attitude. Then another tour agency guy took over and was far to intrusive and rude. He came into our..."
"We stayed in this hotel for three nights and found the staff to be helpful. They booked a bus ticket at no charge. We had a beautiful quiet room with nice decor and the standard wet bathroom. Amenities include..."
Tulip Hotel
#61 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Stay House
#62 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Phuc Long 2
#63 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
09 Homestay
#64 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Terrible place to stay! The room is super dusty, has ants crawling on the bed and everywhere else, mould in the bathroom, stains on the bedsheets and no windows. In addition, free bicycles are advertised, which they..."
Holiday 2 Hotel
#69 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Part of a tour. The breakfast is good. Hotel is just barely okay. Location is dreadful. Way too many neon massage signs around to make a person feel comfortable walking around. Not a great place, a person could do..."
"Dishonest and misleading hotel. Believe the poor reviews. Lots of prostitution business in the area. I had booked hotel room for 7 days but cancelled it after staying one night. I booked two rooms via agoda. When I..."
Tan Tay Do Hotel
11 reviews
#67 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"They wanted to keep our passports until checkout day (we had 2 nights) which seemed a bit weird. Then when we asked to get our passports immediately since we already paid, they refused to hand them over for a while..."
"We booked this hotel through Booking website. When we arrived, on the outside, the hotel was quite big and beautiful hotel. But when we stepped inside, we were disappointed a bit because everything was not as good..."
Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
#68 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could..."
"We stayed in this hotel on an overnight Mekong Delta tour from Ho Chi Minh so we did not pick this hotel ourselves. On first appearances the hotel is very basic, but looks fine. Unfortunately, when we pulled back..."
Hanh Phuc Hotel Can Tho
#70 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My family stays in 4VIP rooms.The rooms are big and clean.However the staffs here cant really speak English.They will use translation apps to communicate with you. No tissue paper in the room.Not located in the..."
"The staff were nice and did their jobs. The rooms were clean but not really that nice. The one we got had a small window with a view of a wall, and there was some kind of problem with the hot water. They said it..."
Asia Hotel
33 reviews
#71 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the beds..."
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Ben Tre
Kien Giang Province
Ben Tre Province
Rach Gia
An Giang Province
Chau Doc
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Nairobi
Known as the safari capital of Africa, Nairobi is an energetic, modern city that serves as a fascinating introduction to both wildlife and nightlife. Music clubs pulse with life, shops and markets bustle, and a mélange of restaurants will tempt your palate in this former Maasai watering hole. Top sights include the Karen Blixen Museum, Giraffe Centre and the black rhinos of Nairobi National Park. The compact city center is safe to walk in and taxis make other areas accessible.
Cox's Bazar
Popular Can Tho Categories
Downtown Hotels
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Which cheap hotels are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Can Tho?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have free parking?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Can Tho that have a family room?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have wheelchair access?
Do any cheap hotels in Can Tho have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
