Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangMy Khe Beach
My Khe Beach
2,649 reviews
#8 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
Beaches
Write a review
What people are saying
By Anny R
“Long stretch!”
Feb 2024
Lovely quiet long stretch of sandy beach!
By Ajay Arora ( Food N Travel Diaries )
“Beach life at its best”
Apr 2023
... coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the clean sand - just wonderful.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (2,915)
Top ways to experience My Khe Beach
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingTransfers & Ground TransportWalking & Biking ToursMulti-day & Extended Tours
Marble Moutain - Golden Bridge - Ba Na Hill via Cable Car from Da Nang or Hoi an
5
Full-day Tours
from $140.00 per adult
Marble Mountain & Monkey Mountains Private Tour From Da Nang or Hoi An city
Adventure Tours
from $56.42 per adult
Best of Danang City & Hoi An Ancient Town from Chan May Port
1
Historical Tours
from $139.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Da Nang & Hoi An: Food, Sightseeing, Culture & Hidden Gems
782
Recommended
Food & Drink
from $130.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hands Body Massage 120 mins with Aroma Oils
Spas
from $33.00 per adult
Surf Lessons
24
Surfing Lessons
from $38.00 per adult
MARBLE MOUNTAIN, LADY BUDDHA STATUE & HAI VAN PASS, LAP AN LAGOON(Private Tour)
from $92.31 per adult
Private Danang City Tour & Hoi An Ancient Town from Cruise Port
Luxury Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
1,576 within 3 miles
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
0.1 mi$$$$ • Seafood • Asian • Korean
Nem Restaurant
157
526 ft$$ - $$$ • International • Asian • Vietnamese
Sky View Restaurant
484
0.1 mi$$$$ • International • Healthy • Vegetarian Friendly
Attractions
89 within 6 miles
Phuoc My Beach
60
0.1 miBeaches
Bãi Tắm Phạm Văn Đồng
2
0.4 miBeaches
Dragon Bridge
5,905
1.3 miPoints of Interest & Landmarks • Bridges
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Viet Exquisite Travel
Hanoi, Vietnam46 contributions
A nice sandy beach but...
My Khe Beach is a really nice beach with soft & white sand, temperate waves. There are several food and beverage options along the scenic walkway. Maybe because the beach is close the city centre with lots of hotels & residential nearby, it is too crowded...
Visited September 2022
Written March 29, 2023
Magar
Brooklyn, New York3 contributions
Nice beach
The beach is kept clean and the water is crystal clear. There are also plenty of great restaurants nearby, making it easy to enjoy a delicious meal after a day of sun and sand. My Khe Beach is a great place to spend a day or two, and I highly recommend it.
Visited April 2023
Written April 20, 2023
Larry M
Vientiane, Laos1,387 contributions
Pretty beach on the DaNang shoreline.
Clean white sand beach with palm trees and mild waves. Picturesque panoramic view showing SonTra mountain awaits for shutterbugs. Beach usually crowded around 5pm after it cools down some.
Traveled as a couple
Written April 23, 2023
Ajay Arora ( Food N Travel Diaries )
Bengaluru, India2,058 contributions
Beach life at its best
Beautiful beach. We were staying in one of the hotels facing the beach and every moment was mesmerizing. Beautiful sunset with people hitting the water as early as 5.30, exercising, aerobics, zumba classes and more. In the evening with all the lights coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the clean sand - just wonderful. Life guards are always available and flags are raised to indicate when it's not safe for a swim.
Read more
Traveled with family
Written May 13, 2023
Ly0lik
202 contributions
The best city beach of Vietnam!
The best city beach of Vietnam! Really big and very clean (unlike other beaches). Here it is enough place for everyone, so no crowds. Luckily this part of beach os not popular among Vietnamese, so there are no people shouting karaoke, no smelly food and garbage. Comparing with other Da Nang beaches, this one is more developed with some bars and restaurants on the beach. It is really calm and peaceful atmosphere here. Highly recommend!
Visited May 2023
Written May 21, 2023
BrakiWorldTraveler
Belgrade, Serbia17,760 contributions
Beautiful and long beach
My Khe is the central beach of Da Nang city. It's a long and sandy beach, pretty wide. Many hotels line it, just across a busy street. There're many free parts, as well some where's a bar and where you can rent sunbeds. Water is shallow for long, usually with waves. Try to get up early one day before sunrise, as the beach is east oriented. Apart beautiful scenery of the rising sun, you'll enjoy many locals around swimming, practicing tai-chi, jogging, exercising.
Visited January 2024
Written February 1, 2024
Anny R
Singapore, Singapore60 contributions
Long stretch!
Lovely quiet long stretch of sandy beach! May be we came off season. It was really nice and quiet. The wind cool. Great to just chill. Refreshments sold along the beach.
Visited February 2024
Traveled with friends
Written February 5, 2024
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
nice beach
long beach
clean sand
fine sand
lady buddha
waves
parasailing
flags
vietnam
surfing
stroll
tourists
cloudy
4.5
Excellent
1,297
Very good
887
Average
377
Poor
Terrible
28
Tim McIntyre
7 contributions
0
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Nice sand
Mar 2020 • Couples
Long stretch of beach with very find sand. Water is not calm for those looking for that. Shallow waters with waves. No beach bars on the beach in the An Thurong area except for the Apocalypse. They have live music there. Beach chairs are inexpensive...40k. The water is warm.
Written March 5, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Toralin
Keele, UK178 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Great beach! Lovely sand and gentle surf. Highly recommended
Mar 2020
I've just returned from a motorcycle trip which ended at the beach in Da Nang and WOW, what a lovely beach! With the current virus scare, I found the beach almost empty, which is incredible!
I didn't see any evidence of litter, in fact its one of the cleanest beaches I've visited for many years.
I did try surfing, but the waves were a little too small on that day.
I'd have no hesitation in visiting this lovely beach again!
Written March 12, 2020
Lee1404
Seoul, South Korea3 contributions
Very big one and beautiful too.
Feb 2024 • Family
Very big one and beautiful too... Well maintained and not many people visiting. The breeze under the coconut tree shades makes it a pleasure. Carry on food if planning for day long stay, which should be a breeze too ...
Written February 28, 2024
Winnie Wong
Singapore, Singapore20 contributions
Clean white beach with installed swing and exercise apps. Enjoyed their iced coffee while enjoying the view.
Mar 2024 • Family
Peaceful, clean beach with white sand and clear blue water. Great for a relaxing time as it’s not too busy. Plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby so you can easily spend the whole day here. Shame there wasn’t any water activities or swimming allowed.
Written March 6, 2024
Feb 2024 • Friends
KodoDrummer
Buenos Aires, Argentina65,154 contributions
122
Beautiful sandy beach & fairly smooth warm water
Jun 2019 • Friends
Unlike many beautiful beaches I've been to, this is not packed with people. Also, w felt very safe and did not worry about our belongings being possibly stolen. Locals are friendly and helpful, and we were not hounded by on the beach roaming vendors.
Written June 22, 2019
Ramesh
Sapa, Vietnam139 contributions
80
Good
Sep 2019 • Friends
Nic see beach and so much people enjoy it's a big beach most visited things in danang beautiful and great
Written September 8, 2019
happy tourism vietnam🇻🇳😊🙂
Vietnam189 contributions
50
Beach
Oct 2019 • Business
This is one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. You can enjoy the fresh air. The sea water is clear, and clean
Written October 14, 2019
Anand1351
Singapore, Singapore2,745 contributions
18
Superb place
May 2023 • Couples
Best place to stay in Da nang.
Beautiful beach, white sand like silk and was surprised when I saw from my hotel balcony that at 5am hundreds of people were there, swimming, playing games, yoga and what not.
There were yellow flags on beach with proper enclosure and life guards for people who wanted to Amon in Sea.
All good hotels are lined along the beach and good nightlife and restaurants, very scenic.
A must visit place.
Freeman-315
San Diego, CA144 contributions
Detailed Assessment of a Nice Beach Area
May 2016 • Solo
I've spent 2 weeks overlooking this long beach, walking it's prominade every day, and taking several swims. Here's some details for those visiting the city for a few days or deciding whether to visit this city based upon its beach holiday potential.

The curve of long sand stretching along the entire coast east of the city really is attractive, both from the ground and from one of the many high rises east of the river. The sand is soft, light tan, and extensive enough to allow a person to walk miles north or south. In May, the water's been neither cold nor warm, but pleasant enough to swim in comfortably. The moderate waves make for fun surf but don't completely prohibit swimming in the deeper waters. The shelf is gradual enough to allow plenty of safe distance for kids and surf play but not too far out to prevent swimming potential. And though the water isn't as impressively clear or gorgeous as Phuket's, it's clear enough to see the rippled sandy bottom and lack of rocks, vegetation, or unpleasant critters. Unfortunately, its also easy to see a good bit of trash floating in the water and surf. What a shame.
The beach has multiple designated swimming areas that are roped off, flagged, and manned with ineffective yellow shirt / red short life guards. There are a few red signed areas designated as no swimming, and the life guards will chase you out if you happen to be near their presence of a designated swimming area. Otherwise, a large part of the water is neither designated swimming nor prohibited area. During the late sunny mornings and early to mid afternoons, the locals mostly avoid the beach, leaving the few foreignors to enjoy abundant water and sand space. Around 4 pm the locals start descending on the beach, and by 5 pm the designated swimming areas are packed. Still, 2/3rds of the water remains open for those wanting more privacy or open space. In short, it's a long, wide, mostly uncrowded beach with plenty of room to accommodate the city residents and limted number of tourists. That'll change though, as evidenced by the numerous hotel buildings being constructed along the entire coastline and the number of buses already bringing loads of Chinese tourists to the prominade each day, late in the afternoon.
Elsewhere on the sand, there are the usual beach and chair rental spaces for a fair price of 40k VND (about $2), along with drink vendors. The food vendors exist, but they're few in number and quite limited compared to other more developed beaches. There's beach tubes and toys being sold for the kids, colorful kites worth a photo or flight, expensive parasailing rides, and jet ski rentals. What's pleasant is the limited number of beach touts and the negligible number of jet skis racing about - unlike Phuket, Pattaya, or Langkawi. Up on the sand, there's a large designated area for volleyball and other sports activities. Even for those not playing, it makes for interesting viewing since apparently teams come out to practice and some of them are pretty good.
Adjacent to the beach is a really nice prominade lined with palm trees that provide partial shade during the day. I consider this a critical part of the beach's environment that adds to its use and rating. It's long, wide, attractive, and clean, thanks to the continuous labor of city workers and the green culture of the city's residents. Unlike the littering, garbage living slobs I observed next door in Cambodia, people here seem to have a sense of using trash cans instead of throwing all of their waste on the ground. The prominade is also outfitted with a few bathrooms but they are too small and few. Instead, we get music being played via outdoor megaphones. It's a nice thought, but its few number of speakers playing too loud does not create a nice ambience like that at the river prominade. Still, the city's done well to provide a pleasant walking environment by limiting the motorbike parking areas and providing a large number of bench and sitting areas. Surprisingly, there are very few food vendors working the prominade. A few more like Phuket's (overcrowded) Patong Beach would seem appropriate.
On the south end of the beach is a nice, outdoor drink venue established by the adjacent Holiday Beach Hotel. Here, the music is often too loud for normal conversation, but it's consistently a nice mix of American soft rock/pop during the days and live flamingo music being played 6 nights a week at 8 pm. Just south of here is an outdoor gym equipment venue which receives a lot of use in the late afternoon / evenings. While playing on the bars myself, I was impressed with the gymnastics talent being displayed by some of the regulars there. It's worth a watch if you happen to be there at the right time.
In early mornings, there's exercise and activity occurring on the beach, but during most of the day time, the prominade is as empty as the beach area. Most people come out after work, making the place more interesting then. At night, people continue to enjoy the waterfront, sand, and prominade. It's a low key, seemingly safe place with people about, but not crowded - perfect for a sit or a walk.
This beach does not have the white sand, intense aqua marine water, or complete prominade development of a 5 star paradise. It's also degraded by the sound of constant honking horns and adjacent skyline of cranes and construction noise. Still, it's a great assett for the city and worth your time for a visit, be it a day, week, or month.
Written May 25, 2016
…
4
6
Showing results 41-50 of 1,297
Also popular with travelers
2023
Son Tra Mountain
827
Mountains
Open now
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
The Marble Mountains
7,996
Mountains • Points of Interest & Landmarks
Hoa Nghiem Cave
Caverns & Caves
DHC Marina
200
Marinas
Hot spring Park
59
Hot Springs & Geysers
Red Beach
81
Bãi Đá Đen
23
Riverside Park
12
Parks
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
My Khe Beach - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Lovely quiet
long stretch
of sandy beach!
... coming on and the food stalls, option to rent chairs and just making sand art in the
- just wonderful.
Tours & Sightseeing
Transfers & Ground Transport
Walking & Biking Tours
Multi-day & Extended Tours
$140.00
$56.42
$139.00
$130.00
$33.00
$38.00
$92.31
$149.00
0.1 mi
$$$$ • Seafood • Asian • Korean
526 ft
$$ - $$$ • International • Asian • Vietnamese
$$$$ • International • Healthy • Vegetarian Friendly
0.4 mi
1.3 mi
Points of Interest & Landmarks • Bridges
Hanoi, Vietnam
46 contributions
September 2022
Brooklyn, New York
3 contributions
April 2023
Vientiane, Laos
1,387 contributions
as a couple
Bengaluru, India
2,058 contributions
with family
May 2023
Belgrade, Serbia
17,760 contributions
January 2024
Singapore, Singapore
60 contributions
February 2024
with friends
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Keele, UK
178 contributions
Seoul, South Korea
20 contributions
Buenos Aires, Argentina
65,154 contributions
Sapa, Vietnam
139 contributions
189 contributions
2,745 contributions
San Diego, CA
144 contributions
