Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Soundproof rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Soundproof rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Soundproof Rooms
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Soundproof Rooms
City View Hotel Haiphong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1 review
In Hai Phong
#98 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I just needed a place to stay for one night before I went to the Halong bay cruise. The hotel is in a remote location of Haiphong. It is actually not that far from the city center, however, it felt like hundreds of..."
Trung Kien Hotel
#99 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Windy Hill Catba Homestay
24.0 miles from Hai Phong
#56 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I'm not sure if I should rate it 3 or 4 stars, it's something in the middle. I was there in winter so it's super easy to have a room at because there were not many tourists there. It located near the island center..."
GM International Hotel and Apartment
2 reviews
#101 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Dai Duong Hotel
9 reviews
#102 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Entrance is from a courtyard and parking area off the main street. If you are looking for a well priced hotel in the centre of town the Dai Duong will do fine. Friendly English speaking reception staff, large..."
Huu Nghi Hotel
34 reviews
#103 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hardest mattress I’ve ever encountered! Apparently the shower wasn’t great. Bathroom from the 1970’s. There seemed to be hardly anyone staying there. We went for breakfast to find an empty room and no food..."
"The reception here was good and welcoming, but that was about it for the service at this hotel. The restaurant was bad because of no service from the waiters and bad English language skills that made it difficult to..."
Cat Ba Bay Vision Hotel
6 reviews
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#57 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Warning. These people impersonate Cat Ba Vision tour company. I booked a tour at this hotel thinking it was Cat Ba Vision and paid extra money because the hotel staff claimed the boat crosses into Ha Long Bay unlike..."
"This is a lovely hotel in a great location with wonderful views.  There was just one little catch: there are public broadcast speakers on the street just outside that blared out who knows what at 6.20am on both..."
Level Hotel
19 reviews
#105 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel represents quite good value but the Room is just sufficient for my needs. Interior is starting to age and the bathroom is really small. Specified non smoking room but first room was stank of stale smoke..."
"I stayed in this hotel for 2 nights because the workshop I attended was held there. I had a suite, and the room was spacious and the bathroom had a bathtub. But the floor was not wood/tile, but carpet with a lot of..."
Noblesse Hotel
#127 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
Catba Sunrise Hotel
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#58 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We only booked to stay here one night (luckily) the hotel is on a beautiful beach but that seems to be only thing in its favour! We walked into town which was like Blackpool so many lights! Had a less than average..."
Romance Hotel
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#59 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
Du Commerce Hotel
#108 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"As at November 2009, Hotel Du Commerce appears to be no more. Redevelopment was going on, so it's possible that a replacement will be built. Alternatives (Monaco, Huu Nghi, Kim Thanh), are nearby."
"The hotel in Hanoi booked this hotel in Haiphong for us upon our request. It is located in a large colonial building just down the street from a museum. When we walked into the lobby in order to check in at the..."
Bach Dang Hotel
3 reviews
#109 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"We came here because its location is in centre of Haiphong city, but we were so disappointed. This is very terrible hotel. Room and equipment are old, dirty. Staffs are rude, especially reception is surly and..."
Thanh Cong Hotel
7 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 8 hotels in Cat Ba Town
"The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices."
"Negatives : The breakfast was the worst we have had in all of Vietnam, I don’t think they understand the importance of having a good breakfast We got locked out in the balcony because once it closes you can only..."
Do Son Resort
#111 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Doson resort is quite a way from anywhere (2 hours from Hanoi by car) and offers a casino as its main (and only) attraction along with a rather tatty and not especially attractive coastline. It is old and..."
"Vast area with big swimming pool. Refreshing to have morning walk / jog around the green surroundings. Service a bit slow if you are in a hurry. Room - no special décor but simple and pleasant. Can try your luck in..."
Thanh Luan Hotel
#61 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
Khach San Cong Doan
4 reviews
#114 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"If you visit Do Son with your big family with the reasonable budget, this hotel can be a suitable choice. It locates a bit far from the main beaches, thus if you have your own car it will be better for transport to..."
"This hotel is located in Do Son, but away from downtown (both Do Son and Hai Phong). Everything is quite run-down with poor maintenance. A room was run-down but stay-able, however, for VND 550,000, we felt it's..."
Catba Princes Hotel
93 reviews
#116 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Plus points: on a quiet street but still convenient; a nice, old fashioned feel, helpful receptionist, optional spa facilities and restaurant/ bar if you want. Reasonable price (we paid $19) including breakfast..."
"Room looked ok but the beds had obviously not been cleaned since the last guests. Felt very dirty. Breakfast was very basic (bread, jam and option for eggs). Did the job for an overnight stay but I wouldn't choose..."
Ngoc Lan Ahn
#62 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 4 nights, room was nice but never cleaned. Not fair when not putting toilet paper in toilet. Had to ask for clean towels and toliet paper. Not a problem but staff had very limited English, got..."
"Our visit at the island was a two-day trip. Thanks God we stayed at this hotel only for one night! At the harbor we met our driver who, without any word, took us to the hotel. As a part of the tour we also had a..."
Tien Thang Hotel
11 reviews
#63 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This is the strangest place ever. Positive: The view. We stayed for one night (I don't wanna think about.) on the 6th floor and it was soooo creepy. We had a double room but many guests. Some were cute (geckos..."
"A very odd place. Although we had 2 rooms with a good view nothing seemed to work. The curtains were put up when we arrived, there was no water till we complained, they turned it on, the sinks Had no drain so when..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
145 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#64 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"It is a lovely property, great beach access and the pool has a waterslide which is a big bonus! The rooms are alright. They definitely need an update because the doors were malfunctioning a bit. However, the..."
3MG Hotel
#119 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Looks good from the outside, but the room smells like mold, the breakfast was obviously leftovers from dinner the night before. The water in the shower fluctuates between scalding hot and ice cold with no warning..."
"This place is absolutely disgusting... Service is poor as it gets, Food is disgusting, no options, badly cooked, low quality. Shower in the room never works, other rooms have a bathtub but no shower so you need to..."
Sunflower One Hotel
#118 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I was planning on writing a good review until part way through our stay. We were booked into this hotel as part of a Ha Long Bay tour. Check in was quick and easy, up we went to the 10th floor. Our room had an..."
"Well after an amazing 2 days on Halong Bay we were left in this dark, noisy, cold hotel. If booking a trip Do Not Stay!!!"
Dong Duong Hotel
#121 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I really enjoy the comfy of real mattress after a long 2 days mountain trek. The room is average. Everything is clean. Nothing special. There is a tv inside the room which made my stay even more relaxed. The staff..."
"We stayed in this hotel for just one night because we had to go to the airport very early in the morning. For this night it was ok and cheap. The location is not very nice ans its busi there. The room was clean but..."
Classic Hoang Long
22 reviews
#123 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Room was clean and basic anemities were supplied. Staff was polite. Wifi is a bit of hit and miss so if you need it for work it can be an issue. Hotel is located close to some good restaurants. Breakfast is often..."
"What a bizarre place booked by a friend on my behalf by mistake, only 2 nights but really weird lots of clutter with tacky ornaments each too there own, if you look at the photos and think thats ok then this is..."
Cat Ba Freedom Island Retreat
24.2 miles from Hai Phong
#3 of 4 hotels in Tran Chau
"the resort is really very neglected, sunbeds are broken and dirty, canoes that take are broken and garbage is washed up everywhere on the beach. We had a deluxe house, but that also looked dirty, the bathroom wall..."
Emerald Hotel Cát Bà
#124 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Where do I start my story about this hotel... this has been the worst experience in a hotel so far for me (and I have visited quite some around the world). 1. Cockroaches intruding the room (see picture). 2..."
Prince Hotel
13 reviews
#66 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"What a strange hotel. There was only 1 other guest when we first arrived although there were 80 rooms. It smelt fishy and musty and was quite a scary place. They turn all the corridor nights off at night. The..."
"they aren't. I was put in a windowless room with only the rats to listen to. They said they understood my English, but clearly didn't when the taxi never showed up, my room was gone into despite my "do not..."
Draco QK3 Cat Ba
#69 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"From outside it one of the big hotel arround Cat Ba Town, But it was very old hotel as name before Holiday View. The bathroom is the most terrible because the water drops from the sink and the staff can't fix it..."
"I really don't understand the very negative reviews here, might be written by competitors wanting to damage this property for personal profit? Always check on the reviewers to see if they have more reviews and..."
Holiday View Hotel
179 reviews
#70 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking..."
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Ninh Thuan Province
Metro Manila
Karon Beach
Puerto Princesa
Puerto Princesa’s claim to fame goes way beyond its swanky beach resorts and dolphin-watching cruises. The UNESCO-listed Underground River wows visitors with its low-hanging stalagmites and stalactites, and a cave that—due to its sheer size and rock formations resembling religious figures—is likened to a cathedral.
Kuantan District
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Karakol
Tashkent Province
Omsk
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
1
…
4
5
6
7
8
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with soundproof rooms
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms near Du Hang Pagoda?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a pool?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms are close to Catbi Airport?
What are the best hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with soundproof rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
