Manage My Booking
English (US)
English (GB)
Dansk
Deutsch
Ελληνικά
Español
Español (Latinoamérica)
Français
Bahasa Indonesia
Italiano
日本語
한국어
Nederlands
Norsk
Português
Português do Brasil
Русский
svenska
ไทย
Tiếng Việt
简体中文
繁體中文
For Travelers
For Business owners
Topics for Travelers
Manage my booking
Tripadvisor Plus
Community & messages
My Tripadvisor account
Managing your reviews and photos
Making a booking
Payments
Refunds & cancellations
Help with sign in
Traveler
>
Tripadvisor
Review Submission Frequency
You may write one review on any given accommodation, restaurant, or attraction per visit. Members may submit subsequent reviews for additional visits as follows:
Accommodations & Attractions: Reviews for subsequent visits may be submitted three months after the publication of your last review.
Restaurants: Reviews for subsequent visits may be submitted one month after the publication of your last review.
You can only submit an updated review once for the same experience.
You may write an unlimited number of airline reviews for any given airline. An airline review may include just an individual leg of a flight (e.g. London to New York) or the review may cover your entire return experience with an airline (e.g. London to New York to London) if operated by the same airline. If you had multiple stops, your review may also include these legs if it is with the same airline.
Was this helpful?
Contact us
Related articles
Review Publication Timing
Most reviews are posted within 24-48 hours. If a review is flagged by another user for a closer look, it can take several weeks to process, especially during our busiest seasons. As a free service to travelers, we do our best to manage publishing speed and quality. We base our decisions on what our members will find helpful and relevant.
Write a review
You can post a review on Tripadvisor in a few different ways:
Review a vacation rental
We’ll remind you to review your stay throughout your trip. Once you check out, follow the steps below to leave your review.  
© 2021 TripAdvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie Consent
Site Map
How the Site Works
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu.
...more
