Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
Thanh Dat Hoa Vien
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
27 reviews
In Can Tho
#25 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"I stayed here for two nights with a friend. We work in Saigon and had a long weekend so wanted just to get out of the city and not pay loads to get out and about. Firstly, Can Tho is about 4 hours drive from Saigon..."
"Perhaps we visited the place a little out of season, the place was totally empty and we thought it was a little bit too far from town centre. Some of the staff didn't speak english at all. But the rooms were good..."
Do Tang Mai Vien Homestay
1 review
#49 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Do Tang Mai Vien is tucked away along a beautiful stretch of tributary that flows into the Can Tho river (itself a tributary of the Mekong and location of the famous floating market). My traveling buddy and I..."
Hotel Phi Long 2
0 reviews
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
B & W Hotel
2 reviews
#53 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"I booked for 2 nites and ended up staying 10 nites. The Hotel is in a new area just outside the City (only 50,000d taxi - abt 2.5km). Standard room is 200,000d or superior for 250,000d with balcony (Id recommend..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
549 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Hoang Anh Hotel
CT Morning
Hotel Mai Phuong 179
Winter Spring Home & Tourist
19 reviews
#24 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Stayed here two non-consecutive nights in two different rooms (both standard room). While the first room was great, the second only had lukewarm water and wasn't very clean. Breakfast is good, free coffee is a plus..."
"The worst hotel I have seen during my travels in Vietnam. Cleanliness is very low. Area is not nice and has nothing around. Constant noise, building works and loud music. If you need any help, you can be sure..."
Kim Lan Homestay
37 reviews
#7 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"This was our first homestay in Vietnam. A luxury one at that. The accommodation was simple and lovely with comfortable bed and hot shower. The property was very tranquil. All the activities were wonderful and..."
"Everbody should experience the Mekong in this way. The main floating village of Cai Rang doesn't even give you the experience of Mekong. This Homestay was just a bit of wonderful. It was in the heart of Mekong. The..."
An Nam Corner Hotel
#54 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"This little hotel has large rooms. It locates right across CanTho Night Market. The room I booked is nice and clean. The feature I liked best is its large front window. Because it is located on the corner of..."
Kim Loc Hotel
Hien Guesthouse
#47 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The rooms are simple but clean. Comfortable beds, fan and AC. There is a fridge in the lobby with cold beer, softdrinks and water for very reasonable prices. Most of the staff does not speak much english. Good stay..."
Hoài An 3D
Van Loc Hotel
4 reviews
#34 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The van loc hotel is located in the centre of can tho. The rooms are very nice and clean (only one bad thing, the shower fills the entire bathroom with 1cm of water) and have strong ac. Great quality for the price..."
"We stayed there one night on our way to Phu Quoc. Rooms are clean, beds are comfortable, air-conditioning works well... Another customer, who we guess was drunk, played some very loud music during the night. We..."
Hotel 31
36 reviews
#79 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"We stayed 2 nights here for 15$ p.n. double + single bed, not super clean but backpacker clean 😆 We are a family with 2 kids 8+10 years and wanted to get a day trip to the 2 flowting market. Here the location was..."
"Standard hotel for standard price. The hotel owner is a bit pushy about his tours to the floating marked. The tour is not bad, it is pretty standard. But our guide did not speak a word english and we saw other..."
Nha Nghi 1989
Hotel Lam Kieu
Khach San Gan Cho Noi Cai Rang
HAO DONG HOTEL
Phuong Thang Ct Hotel
Kim Ngan Hotel
Kien An Hostel
Nha Nghi Thao Toan
Ete18 Hostel
3 reviews
#27 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Standing on the food street, and taking only 5 minutes to the centre off Cantho, you will never miss anything for this place! A very nice room for the hostel type! By the way, they could be check-in early if their..."
"Great hostel, room with balcony, nice decorations, a lot of space, very friendly staff. Located on a side street of De Tham street (also called food street) and nearby a small lake surrounded by bars and..."
Tuyet Linh Hotel
#59 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Very well located, close to the beach and some restaurants. The room was very big, with a big bed and sunrise view. Friendly staff, but is not so easy to communicate, they try but is like playing pictonary, they do..."
Phuong Rose Homestay
#49 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"Rose was a wonderful and caring host. We had a nice big room which was very clean. The Homestay is very quiet but it takes only 5-10min walk to reach different restaurants, shops and a little lake. To get to the..."
Nha Nghi Ngoc Thuy
Motel Dong Nam
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Raja Ampat
Kollam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
