Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayExciting Things to Do in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Extreme & Thrilling Activities
Exciting Things to Do in Halong Bay for Thrill Seekers
Enter dates
Sort
Map
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Show more
Types of Attractions
Boat Tours & Water Sports
Nature & Parks
Water & Amusement Parks
Traveler rating
& up
Good for
Good for Adrenaline Seekers
Good for Kids
Good for Couples
Budget-friendly
12 places sorted by traveler favorites
Clear all filters
1. Castaway Island
556
Islands
Open now
By gabzam1
Castaway island was the highlight of my trip to vietnam, couldn't recommend it more. Staff, location, activities and...
See tours
2. Sun World Ha Long Complex
200
Amusement & Theme Parks • Water Parks
By lpollard80
Excellent views of the bridge, Bay and city from the cable car and ferris wheel. The Cable Car is the longest and first...
Recommended Experiences for Adrenaline Seekers (560)
Revenue impacts these recommendations, learn more.
See all
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,619
Recommended by 95% of travelers
Classic Car Tours
from $149 per adult
From Cat Ba island: full day boat tour to Lan Ha bay - Ha Long bay
196
Recommended by 100% of travelers
4WD Tours
from $29 per adult
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319 per adult
3. Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
By stenrud
The gate is covered in barber-wire, but on the right side of the gate, you can climb through a small hole in the fence...
2023
4. Syrena Cruises
1,317
Multi-day Tours • Boat Tours
By 91kennyt
The food in cruise is good. The staff helpfully. We enjoy everything on cruise. Thanks all cruise member especially mr...
5. Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
281
City Tours • Cultural Tours
By 301anastasiae
Halong bay was sparkling and breathtaking. After the boat tour, our driver took as to Hanoi. The drive was very smooth...
6. Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
504
Boat Tours
By N53NE_
Boat was good bit short time. Shuttle bus also excellent. I recommend this tour if you want to go day trip Ha long bay.
7. Hai Au Aviation
307
Air Tours
By KatyMae345
We had the luck of being the only two passengers on our flight from Hanoi to HaLong Bay. Our pilot, Bruce, was...
8. Alisa Cruise
589
Boat Tours • Sightseeing Tours
By antondud
Overall, I highly recommend Alisa cruise to see Halong bay and the cave. You won't regret it.
9. Novn Travel
209
City Tours • Historical & Heritage Tours
By AEG_66
We booked our trips in Vietnam with Novn travel. Everything was good arranged from beginning to end. We had a great...
10. Halong Cruise Tours
112
Boat Tours • Water Sports
By Perfumekisses
Neverbeen this place but noi for Sure As in good services. Thank all staff for a very good tim in hanoi
11. Cat Ba Island Cruise
58
By Expedition730061
We book 2day boat trip visit Halong bay with Cat Ba Tour company,the boat Rosa boutique cruise very nice and...
12. Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
18
Submarine Tours • Boat Tours
By MichaelYor
The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
What travelers are saying
Emma
1 contribution
2
Great 3 days
3 of us all went on the 3 day 2 night tour. We all had a great time and met so many friends that we ended up catching up with multiple times after the tour. Would highly recommend this tour if your solo and wanting to make friends quick and easily. No wifi for 3 days meant everyone was always talking and socializing. The food is pretty average but the drinks are dirt cheap. Expect to have sand though everything by the end off the tour. Unfortunately the showers were also cold. The staff were great however were not as involved as you would expect. Overall had an amazing 3 days and would 100% recommend to those who love to party.
Read more
Review of: Castaway Island
Written February 26, 2020
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
ic chen
Hsinchu, Taiwan132 contributions
0
good excursion and great view of the city !
This is the next stop right after our Halong bay cruise. The cable car ride to get to the complex was quite interesting-- as it passed a 188m point, a world-record. The ride on the big wheel, the main attraction, was great -- got to see the beautiful bay as well as the Halong city. Can spend some time to stroll around the Japanese garden too.
Review of: Sun World Ha Long Complex
Written October 5, 2019
Shannon
Suva, Fiji1,034 contributions
Old Lady Blue Door
The mountains officially closed and rightly so unless you're a law breaker than attempt it at your own risk. So the old lady was supposedly the safest way to get up there because she's behind the wall or something. All you need to do is walk through her blue door and her dog will alert her. Don't worry the dogs are harmless and there's more dogs on the roof around five of them. As soon as she saw me she said it cost 500k, after you pay she takes you to the back on the roof. It didn't look that difficult until I had to lift an unstable ladder up the hillside then position it up against a 4 metre cliff. Which she indicated you had to climb over. Once seeing how dangerous it was I told her I wasn't going to do it and gave her 200k for wasting her time as she's quite elderly. Overall a brilliant mountain just a shame it's closed off. Recommend waiting for it to officially reopen and that you should visit other mountains.
Review of: Bai Tho Mountain
Written January 28, 2024
Peter B
3 contributions
Syrena Cruise Ha Long Bay
Awesome tour, Son, tour guide, makes it even better.
–-------------------------------------------------------
Review of: Syrena Cruises
Written March 9, 2024
KIRTI G
Lucknow, India7 contributions
Excellent boat trip
Our tour guide Tony was super. We have been friends ever since. Tour rate was reasonable for a boat tour and the ticket is 40$. Highly recommend this boat tour even though there were still a few small things to be improved.
Review of: Vietnam Tour Tailor Company
Written September 27, 2023
Meander37727799905
Binh...the attractive, funny and helpful tour guide.
The tour guide Binh is very attractive, have a lot of knowledge about the area, very helpful. If we go to Halong Bay again, we will choose.him as our guide. Service is excellence.
Review of: Halong Wonder Bay Cruises
Written January 29, 2024
PGPerth
Perth, Australia335 contributions
An unmissable experience!
We never even thought of doing a scenic flight until our travel agent suggested it but we’re SO glad we got to do this! The team were ultra professional from beginning to end and the sights were amazing! We highly recommend this experience! If you’d like to see more, we have a video on YouTube - search @gregpetasmith for our channel ‘Mr & Mrs Smith and look for the Halong Bay video
Review of: Hai Au Aviation
Written January 26, 2024
Nirbhay
5 contributions
2D/1N the way to go
My experience with Alisa Cruises at Hà Long Bay was truly delightful. The staff, consistently friendly and helpful, made the cruise a memorable journey. Their English proficiency facilitated engaging conversations, adding a personal touch to the experience.

The activities offered were not only fun but also fulfilling, creating lasting memories. The cruise's commitment to safety was evident, ensuring a worry-free exploration of the stunning Hà Long Bay.
Opting for the two-day cruise package proved to be the perfect choice, allowing ample time to immerse myself in the breathtaking surroundings and enjoy the well-curated activities.
I also appreciated the ship's cleanliness, a testament to the meticulous maintenance standards of Alisa Cruises. I wholeheartedly recommend this cruise for a perfect blend of hospitality, adventure, and safety in the mesmerizing setting of Hà Long Bay.
Review of: Alisa Cruise
Written January 17, 2024
Mellie
36 contributions
Memorable trip to Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang
This is my second time to Hanoi and i am so happy that Phong is my tour guide again! Our trip covers Hanoi, Hue and Da Nang. Phong swiftly arranged everything for our 7D6N stay. We did not have to worry about a thing.
The detailed itinerary includes: the street food tour, Hanoi sightseeing tour (riding the cyclo), a trip to Ninh Binh.
We especially love the street food tour, learning more from Phong as he shares his knowledge/ Stories of Vietnam and local food over many tasty food enjoyed by the locals in hidden alleys and trying the egg coffee and also covering the tourist attractions like St.Jospeh's Cathedral.
The hotel we stayed in Old Quarters is in a good location and comfortable. In addition, prices are reasonable and fair. Everything he does is outstanding as he customised our needs and enquires to what i wants. Tour guides all combined to make this trip a very memorable and fun for our family.
We will definitely keep in touch with Phong and come back again.
Review of: Novn Travel
Written August 25, 2023
Perfume
3
Good services
Review of: Halong Cruise Tours
Written September 13, 2019
Hans B
Halong Bay 1 day
It was a beautiful experience. The beach is a paradise for swimming. Kayak through lagoon also the best. All of us really like the tour.
Review of: Cat Ba Island Cruise
Written October 29, 2022
Michael
Miami, FL381 contributions
Amazing bay to explore
Had a lovely day out in Lan Ha bay by kayaking to explore daily life on water of local fishmen. The wooden boat was so nice and the seafood was so yummy and fresh. Overral we had an excellent time in Lan Ha bay
Review of: Ethnic Voyage - Day Cruise
Written May 31, 2020
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Exciting Things to Do in Halong Bay
1.
gabzam1
2.
lpollard80
learn more
3.
stenrud
4.
91kennyt
5.
301anastasiae
6.
N53NE_
7.
KatyMae345
8.
antondud
9.
AEG_66
10.
Perfumekisses
11.
Expedition730061
12.
MichaelYor
Hsinchu, Taiwan
132 contributions
Suva, Fiji
1,034 contributions
Lucknow, India
7 contributions
Perth, Australia
335 contributions
Miami, FL
381 contributions
