Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Resorts with Boats
THE BEST Resorts with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Resorts with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Resort
Boating
Missing:ResortBoating
OYO 753 Bright Moon Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Can Tho
Homestay Mekong Can Tho
2 reviews
#55 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The atmostphere is really nice at there. People friendly and behavior like a family. Good place to relax and create some good memories when you visit to Vietnam and Can Tho province. It's far around 16km from the..."
Ngoc Hung Tay Nam Hotel
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Thien Hai Son 2 Hotel
Vien Hotel
Kita
Hai Duong Hotel
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Visit hotel website
Linh Phuong 5 Hotel
Quoc Trung Hotel
65 Hung Vuong Hotel
1 review
#75 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Viet Phuc Hotel
Linh Phuong 1 Hotel
Casa Inn Hostel
20 reviews
#14 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"Casa Inn was incredible. The staff were some of the friendliest and most helpful I have come across. I honestly appreciated getting to know them and they taught me so much about Vietnam. It was clean, the rooms had..."
"The service at Casa Inn hostel was fantastically good. The hosts helped us with figuring out our complicated busroute to Nam Cat Tien. The atmosphere was lovely and the shared dorm with two bathrooms was clean and..."
Homestay Chez Moi
11 reviews
#27 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"We booked in this home stay through the tour operator Tonkin Travels. The tour consultant had never told us that the home stay can be reached only by boat or two wheeler. We reached the ferry at about 7.30 pm and..."
Nam Mon 2 The Boutique Hotel
#54 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
"The hotel itself very new and modern designed every rooms, personnel are friendly too. Try yourself and leave your comment... Sea Food and drink beside the hotel must visit, German dark beer can find it over there..."
Nhan Tay Hostel
Hai Trieu Hotel
Mai Nhan 3 Hotel
Tan Nhut Minh 1 Hotel
Duy's Home
Mekong Palm House
#26 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
"As travel/lifestyle instagrammers, we really enjoyed staying there. The room/apartment was clean and really spacious and this is for us really appreciated as we do have a lot of suitcases while traveling for our..."
"A whole appartement with everything you could ask for. In a nice an calm area with big luxury houses and near an old, traditional village by the river - perfect for biking. What especially stands out is the owner..."
Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#58 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
Hoang Nhung Hotel
Cantho Eco Resort
#48 of 197 Specialty lodging in Can Tho
Dubai Luxury Hotel & Massage
Bich Phuong Hotel
Monaco Hotel
Nha Nghi Gia Khang
Popular destinations for Resorts with Boats
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Read more
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Mahabalipuram
Just 45 minutes out of the city, the East Coast Road first stops at the historic town of Mahabalipuram. The 7th century erstwhile port city is famous for its rock-cut shore temples. A lone lighthouse on a hill watches over a group of temples below. Mahabalipuram also has some great cafes that serve good sea food. A backpacker’s delight, one can find cheap accommodations and plenty of activities.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Mauritius
Mauritius is arguably Africa’s wealthiest destination, a tropical paradise with tons to do. Port Louis, the modern capital of this 38-mile by 29-mile island, is a bustling port with a revitalized waterfront and a busy market. But most visitors gravitate toward resort areas such as Mont Choisy, quiet Trou-aux-Biches and the more bustling Flic en Flac, popular with scuba divers. Rivière Noire is ideal for those looking for great deep-sea fishing.
Batangas Province
Dhaka Division
Raja Ampat
Kollam
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Restaurants
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
