Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Castaway Island, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Castaway Island
View map
Hotels near Castaway Island
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Ha Long Bay, Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Castaway Island
Popular
5 stars
12
71
Breakfast included
90
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
133
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
128
160
171
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
20
2 stars
7
Style
Budget
19
Mid-range
57
Family-friendly
38
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
Melia
791 of 1,927 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Castaway Island

Top Rated
2023
31. Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
205 reviews
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
0.7 miles from Castaway Island
#31 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...”
32. Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
H_ Long Area 2, Halong Bay 01100, Vietnam
0.8 miles from Castaway Island
#32 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...”
33. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
Ha Long Street | Block 1, Area 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#33 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...”
34. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
No. 47, Lot N8-1 | Cai Dam Urban Area, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...”
35. Lantana Ha Long Hotel
2 reviews
E409, Sun Premier Village, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
0.6 miles from Castaway Island
#35 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...”
36. 1925 Boutique Hotel
1 review
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...”
37. Ivy Hotel
3 reviews
18, Ngo Dao, Ha Long 10000, Vietnam
0.9 miles from Castaway Island
#37 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
38. The Twin Hotel
Ha Long Road | TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...”
39. Dragon Legend Hotel
4 reviews
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…”
40. Savanna Hotel
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
41. Halong Centrica Hotel
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street, Ha Long, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...”
42. Green Suites Hotel
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road, Ha Long, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
43. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
44. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...”
45. A25 Hotel - Bai Chay Ha Long
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao | Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
46. Hotel Soleil Ha Long, Trademark Collection by Wyndham
25 reviews
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street, Ha Long 20000, Vietnam
1.0 miles from Castaway Island
#46 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...”
47. Starcity Halong Bay Hotel
66 reviews
Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...”
48. Halong Green Homestay
01 Vuon Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...”
49. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
50. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…”
51. Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
No 10 Halong Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...”
52. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…”
53. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
88A Vuon Dao, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...”
54. Zo D'boutique Hotel
28 29 30 Thuy Tung, Ha Long, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…”
55. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Castaway Island
#55 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...”
56. Binh Minh Ha Long Hotel
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...”
57. Bach Dang Hotel
No 2 Ha Long, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…”
58. Halong Diamond Hotel
7 reviews
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4 | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#58 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...”
59. Hai Anh VIP Halong Hotel
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
60. Tung Luxury Hotel Ha Long
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,927 places to stay in Halong Bay
“» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…”
Previous
Next
123456…
Castaway Island
791 of 1,927 properties
Clear all filters
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our
stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
H_ Long Area 2
Halong Bay 01100,
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is
wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
Ha Long Street
Block 1, Area 2
Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
Excellent location. You're in the center of town
and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
No. 47, Lot N8-1
Cai Dam Urban Area
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
This is really a luxury stay. Our room was
perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a...
E409, Sun Premier Village
Ha Long 200000,
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine. The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
Very cozy restaurant with fine Italian cuisine.
The food is prepared from fresh ingredients and tastes delicious. Individual wishes are accepted by the kitchen and so vegetarian menus are also made possible (like...
So 28-29-30 Lo Thuy Tung
Ha Long,
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
Honestly a great accommodation, the staff is so
sweet and very helpful, it’s low season at the moment and COVID has taken its toll on the city, but the general community around Ha Long is very optimistic and happy...
18, Ngo Dao
Ha Long 10000,
Ha Long Road
TT31-32, The Premier Halong Shophouse Sun Village
Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
Very great location with many restaurants nearby
. The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the...
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The
staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
So LV3-5 Lo OSL-5 Khu Sun Premier Village
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 06673,
No. 1 Tran Quang Dieu Street
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
I've never been in such a clean and cool hotel
like this one before. There is a seaview restaurant on the tenth floor. My friends and I could get the best view of Ha Long Bay on the highest place of the hotel...
Sun Premier Village TT43-46 Thuy Tung, Ha Long Road
10 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Hau Can Road
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you
really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Ng 1 P. Vuon Dao
Bai Chay
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street
Ha Long 20000,
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in
the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Ward
Halong Bay,
Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...
Worst breakfast, breakfast from 5:30am to 9:00am
but 7:30am everything already empty, those left look so horrible! Staffs are not friendly! Stay here only one night and never come back again! The bath room is...
01 Vuon Dao
This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
This place was tricky to find. You have to go
down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay
in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
No 10 Halong Road
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted
Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts,
in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I…
88A Vuon Dao
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be
any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
28 29 30 Thuy Tung
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
New hotel with very friendly staff, pretty good
breakfast, the location is a bit far from Sun Word recreation area, the rooms are quite spacious and clean, the budget for this hotel is quite cheap, overall the…
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 02033,
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night
stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay Ward
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
PRO's The view with balcony CON's No one
there speaks a word of English The bed was like a pile of spikey springs covered in fabric You get 1 minute of hot water which is delivered by a shower head that is...
No 2 Ha Long
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business. For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights on business.
For the price I paid (about 30$ for a twin room), I don't have any major complaints, but it bothered me that the bathroom floor was somehow always wet and water…
42 Hau Can Street, Group 5 Zone 4
We arrived at this hotel with not very high expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
We arrived at this hotel with not very high
expectations for the price, and sadly, we were proven correct. As we are about to check-in, we are almost immediately given a sales pitch for boat tours in Ha Long. We...
16 Tien Long, Bai Chay
S_ 24 Ph_ Th_y Tung
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple) are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
» READ CAREFULLY « Important INFO: we (couple)
are very experienced travellers, being in almost 50 countries around the world, using all sort of booking platforms, and this was the FIRST time ever we had a VERY…
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
