Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Missing:Hotels & MotelsIndoor pool
Halong Backpacker Hostel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
59 reviews
In Halong Bay
#15 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Lovely, helpful staff who arranged a brilliant tour to halong bay for us and made sure we were always looked after, huge airy rooms and a balcony looking over halong city! Definatly don't stay anywhere else!!"
"When we checked in, the staff put our passports on the counter that were just next to the road and then said we could go to the room so we had to ask him to at least hide our passports in the drawer. We did not get..."
Ky Moi Hotel
17 reviews
#42 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"My friends and I took a day tour in Halong bay but opted to do an overnight stay in Halong instead of going back to Hanoi after the tour. What I had in mind for us was to have an accommodation near the coast since..."
"Horrible hotel. The staff are rude and we were completely ripped off for our Ha Long Bay tour - charged $45 dollars for 6 hours compared to the $20 dollars that others on our boat payed. When we asked about this the..."
Ha Long Four Seasons
79 reviews
#12 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We have a great time in four seasons hotel. The room is simple but correct and the breakfast is included (simple but still better than Nothing). We booked the tour there for a good price and the manager helped us..."
"It was actually okay at first, but I was upset because I found out when I was to go out to go to a convenience store that the guy in the front desk went out and locked us out inside. I was scared because what if..."
Babycat Guesthouse
11 reviews
#9 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We had a catastrophic bus drive from Sa Pa and arrived 2 hours later as we should at 3:00 am in Ha Long. The lady slept on a bench at the lobby just for waiting for us. Without her we possibly would have slept on..."
"Although it has been almost two years since our visit to Halongbay, we remember our stay at Babycat Guesthouse. We received special and memorable attention by Hoàn, who was friendly and surprised us with an..."
Dang Quang Guesthouse
19 reviews
#17 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"This hotel was excellent! We arrived without any reservation and they were very welcoming. The room was very clean, well-basic decorated but it had everything you need. The bed was by far one of the most..."
"Do not go there. The owner barely speaks English and takes it to its advantages to let you pay more... The communication is very bad, a real issue, here. This area is not a good idea to have a stop during your trip..."
Ha Long Ginger Homestay
22 reviews
#5 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A True Gem  This place combines the European B&B with a lovely home stay feel. This is thank you to the lovely couple that live on the same premises.  We had the big bedroom with the private bathroom and a..."
"My husband and I , and our adult son stayed at Gingers last week for 1 night and would highly recommend it . We stayed in the 2 cute little cabins outside the main building- very comfortable , with aircon and fan if..."
Tom's Family Hotel
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 31 B&Bs / Inns in Bai Chay
"My friend & I are travelling Vietnam & needed a place to stay after our Halong cruise. Great little place. Walking distance to restaurants & the cable car. We are ladies travelling alone & we were well looked after..."
"We spent a night in this family run hotel before our Halong Bay cruise. The hotel is comfortable and the hosts are very nice especially Tom who went out of his way to ensure we safely made our way to the harbrour..."
Top Rated
Alex Hotel
87 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We stayed at Alex hostel for 2 nights to do the ha long bay day cruise, Alex helped us to book the trip, gave us a free drink on arrival and water for the day we left. He helped us book a bus to ninh binh a few..."
"We are the families with kids and our kids want to visit the Sun World Halong park. The hotel is located less than 5mins walk from the amusement park. Have good wifi and hot shower. Free breakfast of bread, eggs and..."
Halong Bay View Hostel
46 reviews
1.5 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"Great place! Would recommended if you’ve got a spare night in Ha Long. Trung is very friendly and helpful and there’s great food! The music is good and prices are not too expensive! the upstairs is a nice place and..."
"I visited over New Year's for a few days and was pleasantly surprised. This hostel isn't luxurious (which hostel is...?), but it's absolutely perfect for what you need to easily navigate Ha Long Bay. Great location..."
Paradise Trend Hotel
3.9 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"We were in a family trip with the kids to Ha Long and spent 1 night at Tuan Chau Island, thus in this hotel. Very nice rooms and quiet quarter around. The people are friendly and responsive to our requests. There is..."
"Paradise Trend Hotel is a nice place, located quietly in Tuan Chau Island. It has different lobby lounges but really large with inside and outside area, where we can seat and relax while our children play around..."
Seaside Tuan Chau Hotel
8 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"The room was included in our tour. Didnt spend much in the hotel. The view of the bay from the room is very nice. Quite some insects in our room though.. Dinner and breakfast are up to expectation (of a small..."
"The room is ok. Big enough to open 2 big luggage. Overall is new and clean. Hwr, shower room is smelly. Warning ⚠️, mattress is super hard. I jumped on it to sit and it's hurt my butt ha..ha. Be careful 😂"
Guesthouse VIP Hoa Lan
16 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 14 Specialty lodging in Tuan Chau Island
"I paid approximately £39 for three nights and had a great time staying here. The owner is called Lan and he is a very friendly guy that made me feel at home while I was there. My room was spacious with new..."
"We arrived in the middle of the night at 3am unannounced and the owner was so kind with us, he gave us a big room and took time to explain everything. Clean room, great vue. Can’t thank you enough for this last..."
Hai Sam Hotel
1 review
#56 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
VietHouse Homestay Ha Long
0 reviews
Ha Long Lily Homestay
#17 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Slept three nights at the villa. The owner is very king and helpful. They arranged me a cruise around the island in the beautiful Ha Long bay. The villa offer a nice view on the island on the terrace on last floor..."
Luxury Halong Hotel
#40 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This hotel was pleasant enough to stay at.. Clean large spacious rooms and a good bathroom ensured adequate comfort. Good value for money. The breakfast is simple. One has to tell them what time you want it and they..."
Ho Tay Hotel
#47 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel in the center. Nothing to do in the city, except for the boat trips. Don't book any activities/trips/tours/bus tickets through this hotel. They ask 800.000 Dong per person for a sleeping bus ticket to..."
"We went there on holidays, and the price seemed good at first, and a good location. However, we had many surprises : - the bed's matresses were so thin it was hurting us all night - the host gave us bad..."
Minh Thanh Hotel
Hoang Lan Hotel
#65 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A basic hotel room in an area with local eating spots, tour offices and within walking distance of Dragon World. Sleeping area was clean, but bathroom badly needed attention. Mold around the sink and wall and old..."
"The rooms are decent size and have hot water and television. WiFi worked well and was surprisingly fast! Otherwise, this is a pretty average place. Staff are a bit cold and unfriendly. Price is about average for..."
Paradis Hotel
Royal Ha Long Hotel
6 reviews
#22 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Away from the main tourist area so very quiet. An excellent location for the view alone. Get up early and join the locals for various exercises on the sea front-5am to 6am. The hotel does not serve breakfast but..."
"Royal Halong is a Taiwainese style hotel. The staffs are friendly and useful. The lobby is so large and beautiful. The rooms are clean, large and modern. There is an indoor swimming pool and a small apartment gym in..."
Full House Hotel
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
Thanh Dong Hotel
Peace Hotel
#16 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"On a three week holiday in beautiful Vietnam and hoped to find a good massage whilst in Ha Long for the three days I was staying. I feel incredibly fortunate to have met Thuong who kindly and professionally talked..."
Thang Long Guesthouse
#32 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Lovely. Simply lovely. Highly recommend I experienced a great stay. Nguyen & Beo were the most helpful & accommodating hosts. Thank you for looking after me & for arranging my trips. I was looked after like a king. "
Mai Huong Guest House
Roma Star Hotel
2 reviews
#37 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Hoa Cuong Hotel
#37 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Was in this hotel during the Ha Giang loop, in Meovac. It's a low building, perfectly kept with great rooms. My room was in second floor facing the street but still was very quiet. The hotel was included in the..."
Phong Lan Hotel Halong
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
6
7
8
9
10
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
