Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Missing:Hotels & MotelsIndoor pool
Hung Lam Resort
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
London Hotel
2 reviews
In Halong Bay
#23 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"This accommodation is quite suitable for a long trip, cheap, nice and clean rooms well worth the money This place is right in the center of Ha Long City, about 1 km to the sun ring, where you can go to the largest..."
Mitu Ha Long Hotel
Don Hien 1 Hotel
1 review
#49 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Osaka Hotel
#48 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"A Centrally located .. Not in the City.. But ratherlly inexpensive... Large room .. Clean ... A little Cold in cold weather... Ok in the summer... We have stayed here for the last few years... Oh the shower..."
Sunrise Hạ Long Hotel
Tung Duong Hotel
Minh Quang Hotel
New Life Tower 16. 02
#59 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked a 3 bedroom apartment through Booking.com, the owners then cancelled the booking so we could not leave a review...a common scam I believe. If you want cheap and cheerful, then stay here. It worked out..."
HO2-5 Little Vietnam
Thong Nhat 1 Hotel
Thuy Dung Hotel
#49 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Room is decent. Toilet is nice but small. Hotel looks quaint. Breakfast was mentioned to be available on air bnb which we booked but it was not the case. I do not like this fact. Would recommend anyone to search..."
BMC Thang Long
50 reviews
#63 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We booked one night here before jumping on a cruise to Ha Long Bay. First impressions were good, large lobby and reception area. Friendly staff on reception. Hotel is well located for cruises to Ha Long Bay, 5..."
"We went here for a one night stay the day before our boat tour. The internet speed is poor and sometimes non existent. The bed sheets are not replaced. Evidently as one of the them had hairs on it. The rooms are..."
Thuy Nga Hotel
#36 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Kim Dung Hotel
9 reviews
#39 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"We were greeted with a warm welcome from what we believed was the manager. Our room was ready early which is always a bonus. The room was a good size with a nice view of the lake. The mattress was a nice size but..."
"The hotel is quite far away from the main part of the city. It,s very clean, Rooms are big with a great view. The only problem we experience was that the personal didn´t understand english so it was really hard to..."
Hai Nam Guesthouse
Thanh Mang Hotel
H81 Hotel
15 reviews
#19 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Decent and clean accommodation in a busy part of town. The room had air con, en suite bathroom with shower amenities. Plenty of eating options around the hotel. Small convenience store and pharmacy nearby. Good for..."
"cheap clean, really hard bed, centre of town, Wi fi a little slow, air con Fridge. We decided instead of booking the cruise from Hanoi we would travel down on the bus book a cheap mini hotel for a couple of nights..."
Viet Thanh Hotel
Hanoi Halong Hotel
#35 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
Number One Hotel
#15 of 69 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Nhat Khoa Motel
#44 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"The hotel is located in nice place, lake overview. It was easy to travel Ha Long bay, Ha Long park. The room was clean but bathroom is not inside room. It was really inconvenience.The owner was friendly and helpful."
Biti Hotel
Hai Dang Hostel
Cong Doan Viet Nam Hotel
Ruby Halong Homestay
13 reviews
#22 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"If you want to hide from the hustle and bustle of the concrete jungle, and want to inhale some fresh air and feel the country side scenery. They also have a #bigcompound for your friends, kids and family to..."
"The girls working there speak great English and make you feel very welcome. They gave us great travel advice and were very helpful. We also really loved the food and alcohol! The puppy and cats were so cute."
Hong Hoa Hotel
Vanilla Ha Long Villas
10 reviews
#19 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Our group of 26 people stayed here for two nights, one one on either side of our wedding which was aboard a boat in Ha Long Bay. I truly cannot recommend this hotel enough. The staff were just AMAZING. As a big..."
"This hotel is really nice. Very large, clean room and very comfortable. Staff are really nice and very helpful. The only downside is that the area is being developed and a large construction is going on in the..."
Le Pont Minh Chau Hotel
#52 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Good: room size quite ok, have external window, garden view, people friendly, nice location Bad: - smelly, mosquito in room. - travel with 3 other people, we did ask for extra bed but just a mastress provided..."
22 Anh Dao Hotel
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
7
8
9
10
11
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
