Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Steam Room
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Steam Room in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
7 of 574 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Steam Room
Hotels & Motels
Top Rated
2023
1. Sheraton Can Tho
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
994 reviews
#1 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"We ate at this restaurant (Saravan 6th floor) after walking out of another place due to cold and inferior meals. Long served us brilliantly and the food was great and HOT. We had a great experience thanks to Long..."
Visit hotel website
2. Victoria Can Tho Resort
1,992 reviews
#2 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"Receptionist at Victoria, your service is fantastisch! I am impressed with your kindness and helpfulness. You make me feel very welcome. Dank je wel for making my stay enjoyable. Keep up the good work! I want to..."
3. Azerai Can Tho
144 reviews
#3 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"The whole experience was beyond all expectations. The whole staff led by Gary were so friendly and helpful, the security and gardening staff were extremely respectful of your presence and the beautiful spa staff..."
"This beautiful, quiet and relaxed hotel is sited on its own island so you have a very short boat ride from the arrival pavilion on the mainland, in a very smart hotel launch. There is also a helipad if you want to..."
4. Con Khuong Resort Can Tho
122 reviews
#4 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"Beautiful view of the river. Relaxing resort. Spacious room. Nice breakfast. Thank you to Tuyen at reservations for making my wife very happy for our anniversary stay. They have several tours you can take to..."
"Beautiful location, very good staff and food. Buffet breakfast was lovely along with our Mekong facing bungalow we reserved. Will definitely come back when I am in can tho again, if you’re coming to can tho to see..."
5. Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
#5 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the..."
"room is clean, nice and fresh even the room and hotel a little old, hotel have a pretty big garden outside, staff very nice and helpful, breakfast was okay, but the room was pretty good, we're booked from agoda and..."
6. Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
#6 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in these..."
"The hotel is in a good place in can tho, close to the river. Breakfast is very very good lot of variety an staff is nice, very helpful but we had some problem with the room as it was not very clean. There were..."
7. Tan Tay Do Hotel
11 reviews
#7 Best Value of 7 Can Tho Hotels with Steam Room
"They wanted to keep our passports until checkout day (we had 2 nights) which seemed a bit weird. Then when we asked to get our passports immediately since we already paid, they refused to hand them over for a while..."
"We booked this hotel through Booking website. When we arrived, on the outside, the hotel was quite big and beautiful hotel. But when we stepped inside, we were disappointed a bit because everything was not as good..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Steam Room
Phu Yen Province
Bang Lamung
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Gorakhpur
Ooty (Udhagamandalam)
Popularly referred to as Ooty, this gem among southern hill resorts is covered in eucalyptus and pine trees and coffee and tea plantations. On a clear day, it's possible to see as far as the Mysore plateau from Dodabetta Peak, the district's most prominent viewpoint. The Stone House, a landmark 1822 bungalow, and St. Stephen's Church are remnants of the area's first British settlement. Also noteworthy: formal botanical gardens, a children's mini-garden and a contemporary art collection.
Kannur District
Gandhinagar
Greater Newcastle
Nizhny Novgorod
There are hundreds of historical monuments and features in Nizhny Novgorod, each more beautiful and unique than the last. A red brick kremlin, stone cathedrals, a futuristic planetarium, medieval monasteries, a hyperboloid tower... Nizhny Novgorod seems to be a mashup of cultures, eras and technologies that all miraculously work in harmony to create an endearing urban landscape.
Herzliya
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Steam Room
West Hotel
522 reviews
In Can Tho
#10 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
Matches:Steam RoomHotels & Motels
Ben Tre Riverside Resort
239 reviews
40.3 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Spent a few days and nights here over Christmas. Checked in the day before Christmas and headed straight to the cafe which is right on the river's edge. We booked in for the special Christmas meal which was only..."
"Stayed here as part of a wedding party, which was also held here. The setting is beautiful. River view rooms have an unending parade of various boats on the Mekong. Staff is somewhat formal, but helpful. Food..."
Forever Green Resort
18 reviews
36.9 miles from Can Tho
#8 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Good place for family holidays with peace landscapes, friendly services: clean and neat room, well equipped swimming pool, acceptable restaurant. However, the fool is general too sweet as a common taste of western..."
"Is a relaxing place you can go and have a good stay-cation with full range of 4 Star services with swimming pools, spa, beautiful gardens, fishing and watching firefly by boat at night. There is Mekong River..."
Ham Luong Tourist Hotel
72 reviews
41.9 miles from Can Tho
#7 of 25 hotels in Ben Tre
"Lots of different juices (fruit juices, mocktails, milkshakes...), coffees and even some local and western cocktails. Nice view over the river. Friendly staff. Enterance on the left side of the hotel, then take the..."
"We spent two nights at the Ham Luong Tourist Hotel in connection with the Mekong Connect 2017 Conference Oct 25-26. It was a very good stay. On the 2nd floor, Deluxe Room. Bed was comfortable, firm, some might say..."
Song Tien Annex Hotel
39 reviews
45.1 miles from Can Tho
#4 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"Correct that this annex is better then the hotel. Quan in reception speaks very good english and is very helpful. We stayed on floor 5. Riverview. A/c good. Floding in bathroom after shower. Wifi on/ off in..."
"Very good hotel for the price. Loved the location next to the river with views of the boats, local ferries, and locals doing their thing. Breakfast was basic but good. Friendly staff and large bedroom. We enjoyed..."
Song Tien Hotel
26 reviews
#12 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"I liked this place except for the door to the room. The doors had obviously been kicked in, ie: the rooms robbed before. The repairs to the door weren't that good and the new locked and door handle didn't leave me..."
"We made the mistake to travel to my tho in our own (personnaly, I don't think it was worth the trip, there was nothing charming about this town) and had to stay overnight because we missed the bus back to Ho Chi..."
Minh Kieu 2 Hotel
2 reviews
45.7 miles from Can Tho
#9 of 19 hotels in My Tho
"Our room was clean and functional. Breakfast was very tasty. The outside of the hotel isn't all that pretty The interior is quite quirky with silver curtains and a horse mural photowall that could have be grabbed..."
Matches:Steam Room
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Aura Hotel
3 reviews
#29 of 189 B&Bs / Inns in Can Tho
Best Seller
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
#4 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
551 reviews
#3 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice pool in the city, good to stay Rooms lacking a few amenities like gowns but was quickly amended by helpful professional staff. very happy with the service. Room was nice and clean. location was..."
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
#6 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very..."
"Great little hotel with lovely suites, although I am unsure what the internal balcony was about. However the staff are really attentive and polite, and as we had skipped breakfast they gave us a box of food to take..."
Hotel Xoai
399 reviews
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#9 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#14 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
"OK room, swimmingpool and staff. Very hard bed. The staff did not speak english very well and were not that profesional. The breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from. Nice hotel to stay in for one night."
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#16 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#18 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#20 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Can Tho
7
Hotels Prices From
$11
Hotels Reviews
3,327
Hotels Photos
3,465
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with steam room
What are the best hotels with steam room near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with steam room are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with steam room in Can Tho?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho offer a gym?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with steam room in Can Tho have free parking?
Do any hotels with steam room in Can Tho have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with steam room in Can Tho that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
7 of 574
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
