Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
Ozzyman13
4 contributions
0
1.0 of 5 bubbles
Luxury Sapphire Sail... don't waste your time and your money!
Apr 2011
We were on the same cruise, during the same days, and the previous review is terribly right and reflects exactly the sad reality.
We have done the 3 days and on the "day boat" was even worse!
We argued all day long to respect the program, someone from the crew stole 1 million dong to an english couple ( as well as their watch), and the boat crashed in another boat and two windows broke down...
They have done a brochure of the tour, with nice pictures and a program, but it's just nice photos found on "Google" and if you are arguing, you won't do the third of the activities written on the program!
When you go in such a nice place, it's really not to "fight" all day long with the crew of the boat... Whose I have to say, are terribly rude!
Written April 17, 2011
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
IslandWay
Montreal, Canada83 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Halong Bay cruise with Eco Friendly Vietnam
Dec 2010
My wife and I as well as our friends (family of 4) spent 3 days 2 nights with Eco Friendly Vietnam this Christmas. Eco Friendly Vietnam only does private tours. The boat was perfect for us with 2 rooms with double beds and 1 room with 2 single beds for the kids.

The tour is not actually in Halong Bay but in Bai Tu Long bay (correct me if I am wrong). Instead of driving all the way to Halong city we were driven to Haiphong. From there were take a hydrofoil to Cat Ba island where the tour starts.
They picked up our friends at their hotels at 6:15 and then came to ours for 6:30. Since the driver does not speak english there is an english speaking rep when they pick you up in Hanoi. She explained everything to us, gave us our hydrofoil ticket and that was it.
We took the hyrofoil from Haiphong to Cat Ba. We were then greeted in Cat Ba by Lieu (I had been in contact with him to organise this trip) and a mini van with driver. We drove 10 mins to another port on another side of the island and there our junk was.
On our first day we cruised in the bay, stopped to pick up some kayaks and went to a nice bay for lunch.
We then cruised again up to the spot where we stopped to do some kayaking. There were no other tourists around and this was our most enjoyable kayak excursion.
This day we also got to swim a little, cruise some more and find a nice secluded bay for diner and the night.
The second day was similar. We went kayaking again but this time there were other tourist boat and we were never alone. I think we were then in Halong Bay and that would explain the number of boats. However our guide told us it was usually never that crowded.I guess this is because the spot is renowned for it's very long caves.
We went swimming again but this time it was at a beach. Some of us kayaked there while my wife swam. This little secluded beach was so beautiful.
We then went to visit a fish farm and after that our captain found us a nice little bay to spend the evening and the night.
The third day was really interresting and it was also sunny with a clear sky. We were very lucky as this does not happen often during the winter. So this day, we went to Monkey island. Seeing the monkeys is an experience itself but we also got to hike up the top of the hill where the view is simply amazing. See the first video, this is the view from the top of the island.
After Monkey island, we went swimming again. We cruised back toward Cat Ba, had lunch in a nice little bay (again!) and this was the end of the trip. We were lucky because the boat was not picking up any other tourist that day, so we were able to stay a good 2-3 hours more on board! This is a nice extra for sure!
Other comments:
For the 6 of us, there were 3 staff on the boat: the captain, the cook and the guide. The captain and the cook spoke little english but they were nice people. All were great guys.
We ate a lot of fish and seafood. There was always plenty enough for all of us and I think we were never able to finish everything they gave us.
We were spending most of the time on the top of the boat where there were 4 sun loungers.
We also booked our Hanoi hotel with Eco Friendly Vietnam. We stayed at the Hanoi Paradise Hotel 2 and it was a good value 3* hotel with perfect location.
Bring warm cloths, it can get cold at night in the winter. However, the water was always warm!
Written March 22, 2011
topps82
Manchester, UK1 contribution
HALONG BAY BOAT TOUR - SAPPHIRE SAIL - LOST PASSPORT
Feb 2011
We booked at 2 day 1 night trip to Halong bay through our hotel,on their recommendation. It cost $160 for two people, supposedly a luxury tour ( although we later dicovered that some people had paid as little as $50 per person for the same trip ) The tour guide collected us from the hotel and collected everyones passports in order to get the tickets etc.. something that were very reluctant to do. He told us he would return the passport when we handed the room key in the following morning. When we did this my passport was MISSING! They hadn't a clue where it was. We tried to phone the police and the captain of the boat would not speak to them. It was a real battle because the supposedly 'english speaking tour guide' had very poor english and couldn't understand us. We finally got a police report when we got onto land. It took us 3 days for me to get an emergency passport - as it was the weekend. I then had to wait 3 days for a new Vietnam visa to leave the country. The company offered us no money back for the trip and we had to fight to get the money back for the passport and the visa. We are very disappointed with standard of service ( as many other customers were as well) and the way we were treated - a complete lack of empathy and compassion, we would not recommend this boat to anyone. Please be careful when booking a tour to Halong bay and maybe try and give a copy of your passport instead. We have learnt a very harsh lesson and it has been a very unpleasant experience.
Written February 14, 2011
Caterpie
Melbourne, Australia222 contributions
Dragon's Pearl cruise, IndoChina Junk - Beyond Expectation
We recently chartered the Dragon's Pearl junk from Indochina junk company. There were 11 cabins in the junk for the 13 of us. Room decor was nice, and the service excellent. Food was tasty and beautifully presented. Bathroom was spotless, and bed linens clean and crisp. Two bottles of water was provided per room. Apart from that, one had to pay to get any drink.
Many activities were provided and included in the cost of the cruise. Eg, kayaking, fishing, morning visit to a floating fishing village, ride on a sampan in beautiful bay, and exploring a cave. Our guide was good and provided informative commentary of the area.
I would highly recommend this junk to others
Written December 28, 2010
Kelly v
Brisbane, Australia95 contributions
1
Tropical Sails junk tour was the highlight of our trip
My partner and I did a 2 day/1 night junk boat tour of Halong Bay through Indochina junk/Tropical sails. We ended up chartering the Lagoon Explorer for just the two of us and this was the highlight of our Vietnam trip. I booked the whole thing through the internet and Ms. Mai was the most helpful tour agent I have ever used. The tour transfer from Hanoi to Halong Bay took about 4 hours but was in a Ford Transit van (max 8 passengers) which made it okay. The staff on board, from the Captain to the Chef were extremely nice and very helpful. Our guide, whom I called Mr T., was knowledgable and infomed us of the history and cultural significance of this beautiful area. The boat was clean and well decked out. Rooms were spacious and comfortable. The food was awesome. As I suffer from a seafood allergy I was provided with alternatives and my partner loved being allowed to have seafood for a change. The chef even did carvings of food in the shape of birds etc to go with each dish of our 6 course meal. As it was my birthday Ms. Mai had organised a cake, flowers and even a present! The scenery was breathtaking and I would have liked to have stayed longer. Tropical Sails sails in a different area and it wasn't too crowded on the bay.
I highly recommend this trip and would use this company again in a heartbeat. Actually we are trying to convince our family to come back with us :)
Written December 13, 2009
KimberlyLiz
Berkeley16 contributions
Kangaroo Cafe Tours for Ha Long Bay is the bomb!
There are thousands of tour companies in Hanoi and we had a hard time sorting out which tour to take to Ha Long Bay. A friend recommended Kangaoo Cafe tours (there are a bunch of fake ones, but the real one is on the west side of the lake. http://kangaroocafe.com/ ) We could not have been happier with them. Great crew, boat, etc. We did the 3 day trip and went kayaking, swimming, exploring and just hung out as well. (Ended up taking the Kangaroo Cafe trip to Sapa because they were so good.) The price was good too, you can pay less, but you end up on a big boat with 35 people. Ours was limited to 14 passengers. Best tour company we experienced in a month in Asia!
Written November 5, 2009
hally b
Hanoi, Vietnam114 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
the beauty of Halong bay
I have just come back from Halong bay, the most beautiful place I have ever been to and I am really expressed by its unique beauty.
As the car reached Halong, I and others visitors were transferred to a nice boat and the crew called it, Spice junk. As I laid my first feet on the boat, I met a friendly face of a girl-waiter greeting visitors who then helped us to check in our rooms and arranged our luggage.
I started my trip with the lunch. I could see how beautiful the scenery was from the window. After taking a nap, I accompanied a group of visitors led by a professional tour guide to see one of the biggest caves in Halong, Amazing cave. This is a wonder of nature. From the stalactites formed over 1.5 billion years ago, you can imagine any thing in the world, some extraordinary stones reminded me of a lion while other made me think of a reserved Vietnamese girl shampooing. The tour guide was really friendly and funny, he told us the legend of Halong Bay name. It is very interesting. According to him, once upon time ago there was a dragon landing on this area, since then this land has been called Halong.
Leaving Amazing cave, we joined an adventure, kayak. At the first time, I was nervous inasmuch I can not swim but the tour guide perused that “this game is very safe and you will wear lifejacket to avoid unexpected accidents”. Most of kayak included two people and I honestly sailed with tour guide, a professional rower. We spent one hour sailing around bay, it is excited to sail through a little heavy waves.
We came back to boat at over 6 p.m. the staff of boat were so thoughtful, they had already prepared an aperitif and fruit. We enjoyed a local kind of wine, its taste was special.
When the sunset began to cover Halong bay, the sight was covered by a special colour. The captain decided to sail the boat around islets so that we could enjoy its beauty at sunset. Suddenly, our boat ran onto a tranquil - water area covered by mysterious smoke and islets, I felt it like a heaven.
On the second day, I began to welcome dawn on the sea at 5 a.m, and then I went to the dinning room of the boat to see the bay at the last time because we would come back to Hanoi at noon. The waiter politely served our breakfast with unforgettable coffee at 8 a.m.
My trip ended at 4 p.m in Hanoi. I had such a wonderful trip with high-quality service that I will never forget.
Written August 26, 2008
DoubleMeow
Austin, TX87 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Nice, but touristy
We found Ha Long Bay to be a beautiful, interesting area with all sorts of intriguing aspects. Unfortunately, the 3.5 hour drive through strip malls cramped in a minivan to get there was a real detraction from the trip.
Our friends who'd been there before told us to spend a night or two, which is definitely advisable since it's such a pain to get there and back. However, a second night is completely uncalled for, as most junks just make the same route on day two, or drop you on an island to explore. Kayaking, which can be done in the morning before returning to port, is a must.
Lastly, a word must be said about staying on a junk on the Bay. This can be a nice experience, as they take care of where you'll go and feed you and so forth. However, like most cruise ships, this is their opportunity to have you hostage to their highly priced drinks (even the non-alcoholic ones--including bottled water--are usually not included) and their puppy-faced sales pitches of pearls, postcards and so forth. We were really put out by this, since we'd already payed quite a bit for our room.
Lest I forget, please, PLEASE look around in Hanoi at various travel offices before booking your junk. We found several that offered the same exact boat at wildly varying prices. And do, for your own sanity, take one that holds as few people as possible. our boat held 18 (but had deck chairs for only half that number!), but we saw some with only 4 people and many with up to 50 people. This can really affect your experience.
Written March 17, 2008
jeff9444
Chicago, Illinois5 contributions
Go to Halong bay but watch for the tour scams
Halong Bay is amazing and worth the trip; however, the biggest challenge is how to book the best tour. we quickly learned that every man, woman and child in Hanoi is selling tours to Halong bay for the sales commission. The prices are usually very inflated and highly negotiable.
After much research, we chose kangaroo cafe. They run the tour themselves with their own employees. Make sure that you go the the original kangaroo cafe. Check out kangaroocafe(dotcom). The price was fair, but most important, the service and the experience was amazing. Our guide (zoom) was great, the food was amazing. Never felt pressure to buy anything. In fact, there were a few vegetarians on the trip and the guide made sure that we had great vegetarian food options. This tour also attracts a great mix of folks from Australia, the US, Europe and Canada - that made all the difference. I almost didn't go because I was afraid to be trapped on a bad tour but I am glad that I did. Jan. Hanoi is cool so dress accordingly.
Written February 10, 2008
Member88
Beijing, China26 contributions
Breathtaking, unimaginable until you see it
We organised a day trip to HaLong Bay thru Sofitel Metropole for US$216 for the two of us. The trip is quite worth it, as we had a personal guide and driver. We got picked up at 8am and it's about a harrowing 3 hr trip (reckless drivers who overtake even when there are oncoming traffic!!) from Hanoi. On the way, we stopped at a Government owned cultural handicraft centre that caters for war-ophans. It's amazing to see what the Government does to kept the kids employed and occupied so that they don't end up as beggars but as skilled craftmans.
HaLong Bay was quite busy as it was a Saturday, but we managed to board our boat in no time. The scenery at the bay is so amazing with lots of magnificient limestone mountain peaks or islands (we were told, 2000) rising from the calm emerald green water. As the islands are of limestone, the contrast of bare grey limestone and greenery makes the islands quite breathtaking. The scenery is just so amazing that it is difficult to describe until you see it for yourself. It also reminded us of postcards photos that we have seen of Guilin in China but we were told HaLong Bay is prettier.
Our first stop is at a large limestone cave. It's probably one of the most beautiful cave I have seen in my life. The cave is quite big and colorfully lighted up. We took heaps of photos of the caves and the bay.
The seafood lunch provided on board was quite delicious and plentiful. We also stopped at a fishing village where you can buy live seafood which will be cooked for you there and then.
The visit to Halong Bay is a lifetime experience and is a MUST for those visiting Hanoi. It would have been nice if we had another day so that we can spend the night on board the boat and visit more caves and grottos, but even for a day trip, it was well worth it, despite the harrowing drive!.
Written September 4, 2007
…
40
41
42
Showing results 401-410 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
37
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
transparency report
Montreal, Canada
83 contributions
Manchester, UK
1 contribution
Melbourne, Australia
222 contributions
Brisbane, Australia
95 contributions
Berkeley
16 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
114 contributions
Austin, TX
87 contributions
Chicago, Illinois
5 contributions
Beijing, China
26 contributions
