Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Cai Rang Floating Market, Can Tho
Asia  Vietnam  Mekong Delta  Can Tho  Can Tho Hotels  Hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market
View map
Hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Mekong Delta  
Mekong Delta
Can Tho  
Can Tho Hotels  
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
46 Hai Ba Trung Near Cai Rang Bridge, Can Tho 900000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cai Rang Floating Market
Popular
4 stars
13
Breakfast included
36
& up
55
Budget
15
Property types
Resorts
All-inclusives
B&Bs & Inns
+96
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
60
Pool
24
Free parking
47
Distance from
25+ mi
Quang Duc Pagoda
Cai Rang Floating Market
Ong Temple
Tin Lanh Baptist Church
Traveler rating
23
76
79
Hotel class
5 stars
2
3 stars
19
2 stars
9
Style
Mid-range
33
Luxury
6
Family-friendly
21
Show more
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
1
Sheraton
373 of 1,246 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cai Rang Floating Market

1. West Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
522 reviews
88-90-92 Hai Ba Trung Street, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#1 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...”
2. Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
85 Chau Van Liem | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
0.2 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#2 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...”
3. Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
34 Nam Ky Khoi Nghia Street, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
0.3 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#3 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...”
Highest-rated hotel within a 1 minute walk of Cai Rang Floating Market
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Closest
4. Binh Minh Ecolodge
11 reviews
10 Duong Hai Ba Trung | Tan An, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
0.0 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#4 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...”
5. Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
301 reviews
1 Ngo Quyen | P. Tan An, Ninh Kieu Quay, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...”
6. Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
55 Phan Dinh Phung St, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#6 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...”
7. Peony Hotel
1 review
31 Du_ng Chau Van Liem, Can Tho, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…”
8. Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
94 Nguyen An Ninh, Can Tho, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
9. Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
42 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…”
10. International Hotel
55 reviews
6-8-10-12 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
0.4 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#10 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...”
11. Asia Hotel Can Tho
18 reviews
91 Chau Van Liem, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...”
12. Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
3 Hoa Binh Boulevard, Can Tho, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.”
13. Thanh Nhan Hotel
75 Chau Van Liem Street, Ninh Kieu Quay, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...”
14. My Ngoc Hotel
25 Chau Van Liem Phuong Tan An Ninh Kieu Thanh Pho Can Tho 25, Can Tho, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
15. Nha Khach So 02
16 reviews
S8 05 Hai Ba Trung, Can Tho, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...”
16. Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
1A Ngo Gia Tu St, Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 0710, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…”
17. TTC Hotel - Can Tho
655 reviews
No. 2 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
0.5 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#17 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...”
18. Can Tho Guesthouse
8 reviews
41, Chau Van Liem Street, Can Tho, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though...”
19. Tay Do Hotel
46 reviews
61 Chau Van Liem St., Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in…”
20. Phuong Dong Hotel
14 reviews
62, 30/4 Street, Can Tho, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window...”
21. Cuu Long Hotel
23 reviews
52 Quang Trung St., Can Tho, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...”
22. MidMost C22 Apartments
22 Nguyen Viet Hong Street, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“I also took private Cai Rang floating Market trip through them and it was good.”
23. Khach Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
S_ 02, Hai Ba Trung, P.Tan An, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...”
24. Hotel Phuc Long 2
15 Dien Bien Phu Phuong An Lac, Quan Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
25. Asia Hotel
33 reviews
91 Chau van Liem Street | Ninh Kieu District, Can Tho, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…”
26. Khach San Phong Nha
7 reviews
75 Chau Van Liem, Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could...”
27. Hello 2
37 reviews
31 Chau Van Liem St | Ninh Kieu Dist., Can Tho 92000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy...”
28. Huy Hoang Hotel
106 reviews
35 Ngo Duc Ke St, Can Tho, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...”
29. Kim Thuy Ngan Ha Hotel
10 reviews
39-41 Ngo Quyen | Tan An, Ninh Kieu, Can Tho 900000, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
“the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...”
30. Stay House
53/12 Le Lai, Can Tho 6400, Vietnam
0.6 miles from Cai Rang Floating Market
#30 Best Value of 1,246 places to stay in Can Tho
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Cai Rang Floating Market information
Hotels Near Cai Rang Floating Market
There are 594 Hotels nearby in Can Tho
Hotels nearby reviews
There are 12,704 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels nearby photos
There are 13,601 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.04 mi
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market
Do any hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have a pool?
Popular hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho that have a pool include:
TTC Hotel - Can Tho - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
West Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Binh Minh Ecolodge - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
What are the best hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho?
Some of the best hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho are:
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Hau Giang Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho offer a gym?
A gym is available to guests at the following hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho:
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have rooms with a private balcony?
A private balcony can be enjoyed by guests at the following hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho:
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have rooms with great views?
These hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have great views and are well-liked by travelers:
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho are romantic?
These hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have been described as romantic by other travelers:
Victoria Can Tho Resort - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Sheraton Can Tho - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Azerai Can Tho - Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho are good for families?
Families traveling in Can Tho enjoyed their stay at the following hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market:
Kimtho Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Khach Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside - Traveler rating: 3.5/5
Which hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho allow pets?
These hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho generally allow pets:
Tay Ho Hotel - Traveler rating: 3.5/5
CASA ECO Mekong Resort - Traveler rating: 4.0/5
It is always best to call ahead and confirm specific pet policies before your stay.
Do any hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho have a swim-up bar?
A swim-up bar is available at the following hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho:
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel - Traveler rating: 4.5/5
Do any hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Free breakfast can be enjoyed at the following hotels near Cai Rang Floating Market in Can Tho:
373 of 1,246 properties
Clear all filters
88-90-92 Hai Ba Trung Street
Can Tho 92000,
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel
is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a...
85 Chau Van Liem
Ninh Kieu District
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it
looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was...
34 Nam Ky Khoi Nghia Street
Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
Great location with easy walk to all the key
places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the...
Highest-rated hotel
10 Duong Hai Ba Trung
Tan An
Can Tho 900000,
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
When visiting Can Tho/Mekong Delta take this. We
are traveling now around in Vietnam and this is our fifth hotel - all handpicked by a differentiated search via Booking/TripAdvisor/Airbnb/Agoda and so on. I think...
1 Ngo Quyen
P. Tan An, Ninh Kieu Quay
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
Great location Staff very helpful The welcome
cocktail was lovely on the roof top, so lovely we stayed for dinner They had Australia beef and lamb on the menu so we thought we should support and glad we did Very...
55 Phan Dinh Phung St
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the
Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always...
31 Du_ng Chau Van Liem
Can Tho,
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
Peony Hotel Can Tho (room 206) +Location, near
the wharf and the night market. +2 free water bottles and noodles. +Refrigerator, Air-condition, Wi-Fi, Hair dryer, TV, Iron (ask reception for it). +600.000 dong…
94 Nguyen An Ninh
42 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit
stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a…
6-8-10-12 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
Great location in very center of Can Tho City,
and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view...
91 Chau Van Liem, Ninh Kieu
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho – walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
The hotel has a good location in Can Tho –
walking distance to the river and a night market. It is a great base for visiting the Mekong Delta. My room was clean, relatively large with comfortable beds. The main...
3 Hoa Binh Boulevard
The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
The location is perfect, right in the city
center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site.
75 Chau Van Liem Street, Ninh Kieu Quay
Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...
Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes,
restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common...
25 Chau Van Liem Phuong Tan An Ninh Kieu Thanh Pho Can Tho 25
S8 05 Hai Ba Trung
Second time I've stay here as a solo, female traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...
Second time I've stay here as a solo, female
traveler. The hotel feels very safe and staff are friendly (though English is limited). Each morning you get to eat breakfast on a beautiful patio by the...
1A Ngo Gia Tu St, Tan An ward, Ninh Kieu District
Can Tho 0710,
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
The hotel is in an excellent location. close to
the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths…
No. 2 Hai Ba Trung Street, Tan An Ward, Ninh Kieu District
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
Nguyen who works at the front desk is nothing
short of a superstar. He has gone above and beyond to make our stay great (by helping us with laundry and tours and other usual items) but when my friend ran into...
41, Chau Van Liem Street
We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though...
We paid 350K dong for a room with double bed. Not
cramped but not super spacious either. View from window was of a corrugated iron roof. Room and bathroom was clean, working AC and TV. Refrigerator (empty though...
61 Chau Van Liem St.
Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in…
Stayed here for one night in a deluxe room. Room
is clean, hard bed, large and good shower. Unfortunately they have no safe in the room. Breakfast had a lot of choice and the food was good. Juices as always in…
62, 30/4 Street
2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience. The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window...
2nd time visited this hotel was a bad experience.
The staff/receptionist could not speak english, service was terrible. We had too find the room ourselves and carried all the baggages. The room was bad, no window...
52 Quang Trung St.
Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...
Stayed here as part of a package tour. The hotel
I had originally selected was not available, and having seen the negative reviews about this hotel was quite apprehensive. I was pleasantly surprised to find the...
22 Nguyen Viet Hong Street
I also took private Cai Rang floating Market trip through them and it was good.
I also took
private Cai Rang floating Market trip through
Cai Rang floating Market
them and it was good.
S_ 02, Hai Ba Trung, P.Tan An
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu
Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the...
15 Dien Bien Phu Phuong An Lac, Quan Ninh Kieu
91 Chau van Liem Street
Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…
Can Tho is not known for great hotels but, this
hotel is not bad, for Can Tho. We come to Can Tho every time we visit Vietnam and for the price and location, this hotel is fine. It isn't a luxury hotel but, the…
75 Chau Van Liem
Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could...
Our waiter was the absolute highlight of this
experience... his English was exceptional and service brilliant.... the menu had intestines and eel.... the dream dish was the beef hot pot... the rest......we could...
31 Chau Van Liem St
Ninh Kieu Dist.
The location was great, just next to the river and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy...
The location was great, just next to the river
and the night market. The stuff was very nice. It was quite and half clean. My first room had a window to the street which you couldn't close and it was quite noisy...
35 Ngo Duc Ke St
I did not actually book this hotel but the tour company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...
I did not actually book this hotel but the tour
company, with which I had booked a 2-days Mekong-Delta tour, put us there. I had a very basic room in which I could hear many sounds and noise from outside and the...
39-41 Ngo Quyen
Tan An, Ninh Kieu
the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...
the staff is unfriendly and uncommitted. the
hotel rooms are small and congested. what shocked us the most is that the first thing the reception staff ask us is to book directly with them the next time we come...
53/12 Le Lai
Can Tho 6400,
3
4
5
…
TTC Hotel - Can Tho
- Traveler rating: 4.5/5
West Hotel
- Traveler rating: 4.0/5
Binh Minh Ecolodge
- Traveler rating: 5.0/5
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
Hau Giang Hotel
Nam Bo Boutique Hotel
Victoria Can Tho Resort
Sheraton Can Tho
Azerai Can Tho
Kimtho Hotel
Khach Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
- Traveler rating: 3.5/5
Tay Ho Hotel
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
Muong Thanh Luxury Can Tho Hotel
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
7
8
10
11
12
14
16
17
18
20
22
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
