Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsCheap Hotels in Da Nang
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Da Nang
Cheap Hotels in Da Nang
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
Best Seller
HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,048 reviews
In Da Nang
#6 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Great staff. Great location. Walking distance to all the good food. Right across the street from the beach. Elsa was awesome upon check in. The room was great as well. Very spacious and nice bathroom. I would stay..."
2023
Grand Mercure Danang
2,857 reviews
#11 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"It is very convenient to go to downtown by grab and it is near the airport. I feel comfortable and relaxed when staying at Grand Mercure Danang hotel for three nights. We will stay here when come back to danang..."
"Definitely once in a lifetime experience if you want to see beautiful mountains of Vietnam. The hotel location is located perfectly in the village and is very comfortable. It made our stay even more..."
Serene Beach Hotel
659 reviews
#14 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very good view and hotel staff like Huyen Tram Hien Binh Hung in the lobby. Hotel is at very luxurious and service is also very good, good rooms and nice view. I will come back and book the room to enjoy the..."
Diamond Sea Hotel
1,820 reviews
#22 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the..."
"Polite and friendly staff. Nice food and variety of choices for breakfast. Good service. Very good housekeeping service. Near to My Khe beach and have nice rooftop view of the beach. Sky Bar has the very nice view..."
Visit hotel website
Belle Maison Parosand Danang
3,455 reviews
#5 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Very good! The staff was good. The breakfast was very delicious. We will come back if we have time. Our group had wonderful experience at belle maison. The weather recently has been nice. The staff always help us..."
Hadana Boutique Hotel
1,945 reviews
#41 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The service was good. Deserves a 5 star, clean room and hospitable hosts. The breakfast buffet is superb with a very nice skyscraper view of the city. The staff are accomodating. The hotel is near to other..."
Royal Lotus Hotel Danang
3,094 reviews
#53 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I was very lucky to arrive on Tet for the first time to experience receiving lucky money, from the hotel to the beach about 10 minutes walk, friendly staff, good breakfast, also very close to the city center and..."
Le Hoang Beach Hotel
766 reviews
#47 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I had the opportunity to visit Da Nang and try the experience at Le Hoang Hotel and found that this hotel has a quite luxurious and clean model, it gives me a vacation with more beautiful and interesting..."
"I extended my stay from 3 days to 7 days because I was being well taken care of by the staff. The room was spacious and the breakfast was plentyful. The swimming pool is a little small other than that everything was..."
Grandvrio City Danang by Route Inn Group
975 reviews
#49 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel is very good and very clean... The internet is free and very strong.... The breakfast is so delicious...... The staff were very friendly and..."
Mandila Beach Hotel Danang
724 reviews
#59 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The hotel was just awesome We enjoyed alot Hotel has nice ocean View and a great pool Dining is good and food is good If you are Vegan then you can also enjoy the meal they have variety of options Huong Hannah..."
Sofia Suite Hotel & Spa Danang
949 reviews
#62 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Stayed here for 6 nights. Pretty much bang for the buck. You get a wonderful and clean room at a close walkable distance to the beach. The room was cleaned daily. Location is excellent with so many eateries and..."
Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#34 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the..."
Fivitel Da Nang Hotel
691 reviews
#66 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We only stayed one night here but would happily have stayed more if our itinerary allowed. The view of Dragon Bridge and the river make anything worthwhile. The pool on the roof is brilliant with its unobstructed..."
Sanouva Danang Hotel
2,015 reviews
#68 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I, my wife and our baby girl stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. It's a very polished hotel in the center of Da Nang so if you want to explore the city, this hotel is a great choice. The decor is very modern and..."
Grand Sunrise Boutique Hotel
454 reviews
#72 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Clean, comfortable hotel room with large double bed. Good location near the beach and shops. 30 minute walk to dragon bridge and local son tra market. We also had a spa treatment here which was brilliant! Pool is..."
Haka Hotel & Apartment
203 reviews
#74 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Close to the beach and various restrauants staff helpful and friendly breakfast great value and😁 swimming pool had good view of the beach and hills housekeeping top rate. Highly recommended as value for money and a..."
Eco Green Boutique Hotel
195 reviews
#77 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"This place is a real find. It’s close to the beach but quiet. Our room was lovely, spotless, the bed comfortable. Breakfasts are really great and we found the staff attentive and friendly. Restaurants are right..."
Risemount Premier Resort Danang
1,120 reviews
#16 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Spotless facility, very reasonable price .you get a person to attend to your needs that is so attentive its heart warming. The staff is so kind graceful and eligant. I have traveled a lot in asia and this is the..."
Bliss Luxury Hotel
257 reviews
#86 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We received the welcoming letter from the moment we made the booking. The host contacted us to confirm our booking and offer private pick up car which was nice and reasonable price. Grand Sunrise 3 Hotel was well..."
"This hotel offered amazing value for the price we paid. We chose one of the more basic rooms but it was clean, had a comfortable bed and a lovely bathroom with fantastic shower. The aircon was very efficient and..."
Sofia Boutique Hotel Da Nang
1,002 reviews
#88 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Arriving late in Da Nang, stayed in the Sofia Botique Hotel and found it just what I needed after a long flight. The reception staff were super friendly and helpful. The room was excellent and comfortable. I'd..."
Avatar Hotel Da Nang
701 reviews
#91 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We had a nice stay at this hotel. Its close to the beach, bars and restaurants. Breakfast is very good and you can also enjoy sauna and massages. A big thanks to the whole staff, and specialy to Hiep, Amber and..."
The Blossom Resort Island - All Inclusive
452 reviews
#90 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Would highly recommend Rooms amazing bed so comfortable Restaurant/ pool / spotless and lovely Location the best Staff are the best so helpful greeted with friendly smile and we even got upgraded Massage wow to..."
Samdi Hotel
613 reviews
#96 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"A very nice hotel, responsive staff, especially a girl at the counter named Thu Huyen, very pleasant, responsive, very professionally performing her duties.It helps to solve any question or problem that arises..."
Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
#109 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking..."
"This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t..."
SEN Boutique Hotel
240 reviews
#112 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"We stayed here for a day and overall it was a nice stay. Rooms were spacious and clean. The breakfast served was simple but sufficient. The location is good, quite close to the beach. Some chairs are kept in front..."
"This hotel is beautiful and clean with the best owner and amazing staff. So friendly, they make you feel like family. The breakfast each morning is very good and the location is right near to the beach."
Holiday Beach Danang Hotel & Resort
776 reviews
#113 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"I got the room with a view of the beach and I loved it! My bed gets turned down and I got cookies every night. Nice design of the sink and faucet. The bath tub is in the open but it's no big deal. There are separate..."
Sandy Beach Non Nuoc Resort
1,315 reviews
#115 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The resort is large and beautiful with a beach and facilities like swimming pool and pool table. The room we stayed at was spacious. We would like to give a mention to Tam as she was very helpful with our queries..."
Star City Riverside Hotel By Haviland
247 reviews
2.1 miles from Da Nang
#13 of 142 hotels in Son Tra Peninsula
"The hotel has the best view in Danang with the nicest staff and room. Breakfast with delicious local dishes, the room was very clean and cozy. Staff are so friendly and cooperative. I will come back here with my..."
Palmier Hotel & Apartment
168 reviews
#120 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"Located very close to the Han River Bridge, facing the sea, it is very cool and can see the city from above. The room is decorated in fresh colors but in contrast to the oversized black toilet, the room is quite old..."
"Beautiful memory with my friends here, everyone is so nice. Place near supermarket, bar, restaurant with river view so you can walk and enjoy the city atmosphere. The decoration style is more like home give me a..."
Halina Hotel and Apartment
235 reviews
#116 of 1,064 hotels in Da Nang
"The pool has the best view ever. The rooms are decent in size and an awesome breakfast spread for vegetarian. The rates were pretty reasonable and the experience is as good as a 4 star hotel. It's only 2 minutes..."
Cheap Hotels nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Mamoudzou
Popular Da Nang Categories
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
5 Star Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any cheap hotels in Da Nang have a pool?
Which cheap hotels are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best cheap hotels in Da Nang?
Which cheap hotels in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which cheap hotels in Da Nang are romantic?
Do any cheap hotels in Da Nang offer free breakfast?
Which cheap hotels in Da Nang have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Da Nang that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Da Nang have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Da Nang have a restaurant on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
