Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Can Tho
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamMekong DeltaCan ThoCan Tho HotelsCan Tho Hotels with Boats
THE 5 BEST Hotels with Boats in Can Tho
Can Tho Hotels with Boats
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
4 Star
Breakfast included
& up
Budget
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cai Rang Floating Market
Can Tho River Tour
Hieutour Co., Ltd
EcoTours
Traveler rating
Hotel class
5 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Mid-range
Luxury
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Powered By Archipelago
RedDoorz
Sheraton
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Boating
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Boating
Hotel Xoai
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
399 reviews
In Can Tho
#8 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The staff are very helpful. They attended to our every request, and even went beyond for some. They have very good command of the english language and we didn't feel any language barrier at all. The location is also..."
Anh Dao Mekong Hotel
336 reviews
#9 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Really nice room here, unexpectedly since it looked a bit sketchy after dark when I arrived. Staff spoke a bit of English and had my best sleep in a week. Location easy to walk to riverside and night market.was..."
West Hotel
522 reviews
#10 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We just stayed here for just one night, the hotel is in a good position overlooking the river and only a minutes walk from the night markets and restaurants. Our room was really big with a large bathroom and a..."
Iris Hotel Can Tho
503 reviews
#12 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Good centralized location on a main street. Street is beautifully lit up for the holiday season. Room is clean and tidy, staff are junior and could use some customer service training, otherwise value for the money..."
Hau Giang Hotel
299 reviews
#13 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location with easy walk to all the key places. Clean and tidy with friendly and efficient staff. The decor is old and tired but you have to say that it is reflected in the price. Everything worked and the..."
Bamboo Eco Village
44 reviews
#11 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After travelling for three weeks in Vietnam, this is the best resort so far. The bungalow is setting in middle of fruit garden and flowers. There is a restaurant nearby, breakfast is varied and dinner is also..."
"We booked Bamboo for our holiday. We had a bungalow with garden view. The room is unique compared to all of our previous resorts with a lot of charm and architecture. Breakfast are extensive and yummy. The staff and..."
Nam Mon Hotel
168 reviews
#14 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The Hotel rooms were pretty standard but clean . The tour they offer was really awesome , starts at 5am and includes boat tours walks and a breakfast! The guide (phuoc) was absolutely brilliant also . The staff were..."
Fortuneland Hotel
188 reviews
#15 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"the staff is friendly and the room is big, many choices served at breakfast area, huge lobby lounge and clean room. only one thing that make this hotel bad because of the concierge did not help me with the luggage..."
"OK room, swimmingpool and staff. Very hard bed. The staff did not speak english very well and were not that profesional. The breakfast was very nice with a lot to choose from. Nice hotel to stay in for one night."
Kimtho Hotel
116 reviews
#16 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The hotel is in an excellent location. close to the quays for the many the boat trips on offer. Shops,restaurants and night markets are all within easy walking distance. There are good traffic free walking paths in..."
"The hotel met our expectations, providing good value for money, a great location for exploring the city and river, and the best breakfast we've ever had at a hotel of its size and rating. We really enjoyed the..."
Nesta Hotel
54 reviews
#19 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Located at the end of a street, this hotel did well for us. The staff were all very friendly and kind, helping us with arranging a taxi to Ho Chi Minh. The breakfast options were excellent, and the location was..."
"It was a big room, old, not clean but beautiful river view. It was quite area, close to local night market. You can find many good and cheap local food here. The staff was nice. Breakfast was ok with nice view."
Anh Dao Mekong 2
38 reviews
#17 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"After busy HCM we wanted to stay at a quiet place and at Anh Dao Mekong 2 we found that place! We were almost the only guests and we had the lovely swimming pool always for ourselves! They provided us towels foe the..."
"Stayed here as part of a private tour. The room was very comfortable and clean and we got it for a good price. The pool area was lovely and the area was nice and quiet. For dinner, the only option really around was..."
Khách Sạn Ninh Kiều Riverside
149 reviews
#18 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"My wife and I only stayed at the Ninh Kieu Riverside for a night but our experience was good. The hotel looks great, and our room had a fantastic view across the river. The room was very clean and had all the..."
Ninh Kieu 2 Hotel
252 reviews
#20 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"The location is perfect, right in the city center, with a large shopping mall next to it and within walking distance of the river bank. The buffet breakfast includes beef rice noodles and an omelet cooked on-site."
"Really enjoyed our stay at this hotel. Rooms are extra spacious and we got great views of the river. They had an excellent breakfast buffet with lots of choices of Asian and western dishes. Very walkable and..."
Van Phat Riverside Hotel
165 reviews
#22 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"I booked this hotel without looking closely at the map. So, if you plan to walk around the city, this hotel will be a bit out of town. So, we had a taxi ride to town in the morning and rode back in the evening..."
Tay Ho Hotel
121 reviews
#25 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"We initially booked a 1 night stay here as a pit stop on our mega tour around Vietnam. We paid 460k VND (apx $20) for that one night, but decided to extend our stay for 2 more nights as we managed to work out a rate..."
"Can Tho is larger than you'd think, and I'd considered staying a bit out of the centre. But I'm glad to have chosen the Tay Ho for its location. Arriving at 8pm without a reservation due to an unhelpful bank..."
Mekong Daniel Bungalow
18 reviews
#24 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"If you are considering a trip to Mekong Delta, specially Can Tho and the Cai Rang floating market you definitely should stay at Daniel and Jenny's place. We spent 2 amazing nights at this little paradise in this..."
"What a great place ! Daniel the owner & breakfast chef was the most pleasant man to chat with .his morning omelettes we’re to the moon and back .great bungalow room we stayed in 2 nights .clean ,comfortable and the..."
Sojo Hotel Can Tho
5 reviews
#26 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Visit hotel website
Saigon Cantho Hotel
203 reviews
#29 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Every time we went to Can Tho, we stayed to the Saigon Cantho Hotel. This time we saw the deterioration of this hotel which is no longer a 3 star hotel. Very nice welcome. The people at the reception are always..."
Holiday One Can Tho Hotel
132 reviews
#30 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Lovely rooftop pool (although a LOT of chlorine). Rooms clean, however daily cleaning left a lot to be desired (used glasses never cleaned and ant colonies building up in the room). After staying for 3 weeks in a..."
International Hotel
55 reviews
#28 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Great location in very center of Can Tho City, and opposite the Ninh Kieu Quay - só very convenient for walk around and visiting the city. Ask for the River View Room - worth paying a bit more to enjoy the view..."
"We stayed at the International Can Tho for 3 nights. The location is really good. If you rewound history about 20 years this would have been ‘the place’ to stay. Now it is a tad tired. The reception area is still..."
Fit Hotel Can Tho
#31 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
CASA ECO Mekong Resort
9 reviews
#32 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Stayed here one night only and we were very happy with the accommodation. Breakfast could be better but overall a great place to stay in the Mekong delta if you d like a place in the center. One thing is that the..."
Holiday Hotel
29 reviews
#33 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Bed was comfortable, noisy exhaust fan in bathroom, air-con worked well. Breakfast was ok. Only issue we had was handing over our passports at check in & advised we would get them back at 5pm, but when we returned..."
"We stayed one night as we were passing through. The room was spacious and clean and the breakfast was adequate. Staff are friendly. Located beside nice bars and restaurants. Good value for the price paid."
Nhat Ha 1 Hotel
4 reviews
#38 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything OK. Room pretty used, but clean. Very friendly staff. Great location for Cai Rang Floating Market (one of the most famous in Vietnam). Is is only 500m by walk and than you can catch some locals..."
"Great little hotel in the hustle and bustle of the markets. A good central location. Rooms are well presented, clean and have all Amenities. Staff are friendly, helpful and can point you in the right direction..."
Flower Boutique Lodge
1 review
#39 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Hotel Adam & Eva Can Tho
#40 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Minh Minh Nam Hotel
#41 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Everything about this Hotel for a short term or long term stay is perfect! The room, balcony, bed, sheets, bathroom, WiFi, large TV, huge bathroom, excellent housekeeping. And the staff and management always have..."
Linh Phuong 3
#42 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Nice room for fair price. Always again nice. Sometimes a little bit loud because of the Karaoke Bars beside and sometimes also loud when a guest again took a Karaoke girl into his room. But the room way large and..."
"Room is clean, huge one. Price is good but no breakfast included. Very bad wifi, almost no uses. The road in front is tidle wetlands so sometime it is drowned with smelling water. No food in the hotel. You have..."
My Ngoc Hotel
#43 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
Thanh Nhan Hotel
#44 of 188 hotels in Can Tho
"Location: Five minutes walk from river, cafes, restaurants and stores. Conveniently located for early morning visit to Floating Market Service: Very friendly WiFi: Free Maintenance: Clean lobby, common..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Boats
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Boracay
Boracay Island has reopened with new rules and regulations in place to protect the island from overdevelopment. Not all businesses were allowed to reopen. Please check with the Philippine Department of Tourism for details: http://www.tourism.gov.ph/
Calangute
Also known as the ""Queen of Beaches"" , Calangute is is Goa's flagship beach. It is also the most commercialized of all beaches in Goa. Due to its extreme popularity, Calangute beach beckons tourists and backpackers from all over the world and the beach remains choc-a-block with tourists all year around. The beach is dotted with shacks and a lot of the clubs open up onto the beach. There are lots of shows held on the beach including rock, pop beat shows, open air dances, and fetes. Calangute offers all modern amenities like a post office, banks, foreign exchange offices and medical facilities. When in Calangute a must see is the Church of St. Alex, built in 1741.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Lagoi
Karangasem
Matara
Shimla District
Popular Can Tho Categories
Hotels on the River
Hotels with Rooftop Bar
Downtown Hotels
Yoga Hotels
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Soundproof Rooms
Resorts with Boats
Hotels with Gym
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with boats
What are the best hotels with boats near Cai Rang Floating Market?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho have a pool?
Which hotels with boats are close to Can Tho Airport?
What are the best hotels with boats in Can Tho?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have free parking?
What are some hotels with boats in Can Tho that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have air conditioning?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have a restaurant on-site?
Which hotels with boats in Can Tho have a bar or lounge on-site?
Do any hotels with boats in Can Tho offer room service?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Mekong Delta
Can Tho Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
