Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayHalong Bay
11,384 reviews
#2 of 31 things to do in Halong Bay
Bodies of Water
Open now
9:00 AM - 5:00 PM
Write a review
What people are saying
“Tranquil paradise”
Dec 2023
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO World Heritage Site.
“Wonderfully worthy”
Had a full day visit to this beautiful natural wonder on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (16,368)
Top ways to experience Halong Bay
See all
RecommendedOutdoor ActivitiesShore ExcursionsDay Trips & ExcursionsTours & Sightseeing
Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,615
Recommended
Classic Car Tours
from $149.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
from $39.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Aspira Cruises 02 Days 01 night - private balcony and bathtub
1,340
Food & Drink
from $160.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Halong Bay Tour Islands, Cave, Kayak. Lunch. Expressway Transfer
222
Bus Tours
2D/1N - All Inclusive on Halong Bay Cruises from Hanoi with many GREAT options
152
Cable Car Tours
from $79.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Ha Long Bay Cruise Day Tour-Cave, Kayaking,Ti top island & Lunch
282
Full-day Tours
from $41.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
BEST SELLER 1-Day Halong Bay Cruise fr Hanoi/Halong-All Inclusive
53
from $37.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
LEADING: All inclusive 3D/2N on cruises in HALONG - many options
144
Jet Boat Rentals
from $319.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Full view
Best nearby
Attractions
1 within 6 miles
Dark & Light Cave
2
Caverns & Caves
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
Howard Llewellyn
Bournemouth, United Kingdom381 contributions
Howard’s visit to Halong Bay, Vietnam.
Did a boat trip to Halong bay to sail around the limestone outcrops. Stunning views after about 20 minutes, visited a cave system on one of the islands, lots of steps to get there but worth it. Continued the sail around numerous islands, then as the sun was setting amazing sunsets.
Visited February 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 13, 2023
Angelenny
2 contributions
For those who love sunrise and sunset…
Best place to go if you love to watch sunrise and sunset. By taking the cruise you will get the experience to watch it closely. Just make sure you bring small amounts of cash as everywhere you go, they will asked you for a tips… 🤭🤭🤭…
Visited November 2022
Traveled with friends
Written March 17, 2023
Crabby061
Manchester, United Kingdom252 contributions
Other wordly
Yes it is as stunning as people say, even if at times you struggle to get a view without one of the many boats. A lovely, relaxing respite from the hustle and bustle of the usual Vietnam tourist trail. And photos definitely don't do it justice. Just don't look down..........as the water pollution is pretty depressing. Plastic bags and bottles, food waste etc which can only come from the cruise boats. We went kayaking but got out after about 15 mins as we found it so unpleasant. So surprised the authorities and cruise companies don't take more responsibility to safeguard this natural beauty and their livelihoods.
Read more
Visited March 2023
Written March 25, 2023
Chandu
The Netherlands4 contributions
Halong Bay Vietnam
Halong Bay is a stunning destination with unspoiled nature, breathtaking views, and luxurious cruises. It is one of the most beautiful places I have ever visited. The scenery is simply stunning and the luxury cruises make it even more enjoyable. Highly recommended for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 1, 2023
Susanna Low
Alisa Premium Cruise Halong Bay
We took the 2 days 1 night Alisa Premium Cruise to Halong Bay in April 2023. It was an enjoyable trip with my family. A big thank you to Nelly Pham, Operation Manager. Nelly has arranged everything for us before our arrival, from transfer to the cruise and the itinerary during the cruise. Nelly is very efficient and responded to my messages via WhatsApp very quickly. It was a most memorable trip for our first time in Hanoi.
Visited April 2023
Written April 10, 2023
Heda Chase
Speldhurst, United Kingdom9 contributions
A magnificent destination in Vietnam
Its limestone islands are a sight to behold, and the stunning scenery is truly captivating. The fascinating history of the bay and its surrounding area is well worth exploring, and the delicious seafood is a must try. It's a great place to relax and enjoy the beauty of nature. The kayaking and boat trips are a great way to explore the area, and the caves and grottos are a must-see. There are plenty of activities to do in the area, and the locals are friendly and welcoming. Halong Bay is an incredible place to visit, and it's a must-see for anyone looking for a unique and unforgettable experience.
Written April 11, 2023
Lucie Smith
Nuremberg, Germany3 contributions
Highly recommend
I found this travel agency online and contacted Ms Hana, she responded me right away and answered all my worries, concerned about my trips. We chose package 6days 5 nights Hanoi, Halongbay, Sapa with very good price. When we arrived, the tour guide and driver picked us up at the airport and went to hotel to check in, everything was very smooth. Hana was always ready to help and support us everyday when we were in the trip. Highly recommend Vietnam Authentic Holidays and Hana, for sure I will book her my next trip to the center of Vietnam next year
Traveled with family
Written April 15, 2023
Fozia
Auckland Central, New Zealand4 contributions
A must-see destination in Vietnam
With its majestic limestone karsts and emerald waters, it's easy to see why it's one of the most popular tourist spots in the country. Luxurious cruises offer the perfect way to explore the bay and its incredible rock formations. The views are simply breathtaking and you can even take a kayak to get up close and personal with the scenery. The crew on board are incredibly friendly and knowledgeable and will make sure you have the best experience possible. Whether you're looking for a romantic getaway or a family holiday, Halong Bay has something for everyone. Don't miss out on this incredible destination!
harry w
Burlington, Canada1,072 contributions
Should take an overnight cruise at this unusual bay.
The karst formations that stick up like pillars out of the water are a must see in Vietnam. It is picturesque from a distance, but would not like to swim or use the few beaches due to horrendous pollution here. We went in the off season, but July and August would have even more boats and tourists. The plastics and rubbish floating, and around the shore at the high water mark is disgusting. Some regulations need to be put in place before the bay becomes totally unnavigatable.
Written April 17, 2023
Eve L Kelly
Adelaide, Australia10 contributions
Sailing in the paradise
We visited Hanoi on a SE Asia trip and fall in love with this place. It is about 2h away from the town and then you board a boat. There are many options, many of them are good for overnight trips. The went for a day trip and had the change to sail between the beautiful islands and islets. Great experience. It was about 80AUD per head. Highly recommended.
Visited May 2022
Written April 24, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
day trip
limestone islands
one night
world heritage site
natural beauty
overnight cruise
cat ba island
beautiful scenery
boat tour
two days
small boat
fishing village
next morning
seafood
pearl farm
tai chi
cooking class
boats
vietnam
bay
4.5
11,387 reviews
Excellent
7,751
Very good
2,252
Average
863
Poor
Terrible
240
OliviaJoyce90
Dubai, United Arab Emirates287 contributions
3
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Bucket List
Sep 2018 • Couples
What a place. If you are doing a cruise around Halong, once you get to the harbour it looks a bit underwhelming when you see hundreds of boats waiting to take you around but once you are on the boats its just amazing.
If you are looking at booking a cruise please book with Indochina Junk, the service was impeccable and you also visit Bai Tu Long Bay, a quieter, untouched part of the bay.
Written September 25, 2018
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
TheFace1
Milan, Italy208 contributions
1.0 of 5 bubbles
sorry Halong Bay not your fault
Apr 2018 • Couples
I knew what to a expect by such an organize tour in Asia, but this is a must do.
We decided for a 1 day tour preferring to stay more days in Sapa.
on the way to the bay the stopped in the usual AsiaTourTouristTrap, not a surprise.
since there was nothing interesting to eat or drink I tried to go in the room where all local guides and drivers were eating and have a energizing vietnamese breakfast, when my guide saw I was rejected as a beggar!
once arrived at the port my worst nightmares came true, dozens maybe hundreds of coaches unloading thousands of noisy asian tourists.
You are not a traveler, neither a tourist but just part of a environmental killer assembly chain.
you travel the bay with dozens of other shipwrecks, often hitting each other to find a space to park, from a cave illuminated and crowded as mall in the weekend to queuing on the stairs to have your little room for a panoramic view on the bay, the boats and the multitude.
the best part is the way back, you can breath and enjoy the sunset with no rush and yelling people.
this is, together with the massive resorts under construction, how you kill a beautiful dreaming wonder, such a devastation is hurting.
Written April 26, 2018
Philip_Marsh
Greater Manchester, UK495 contributions
James Bond & Top Gear Called This Right!!
Feb 2018 • Friends
Having read some of the reviews before I visited I was expecting something of a let down with plastic strewn across the bay, thousands of boats all floating together and armies of tourists queuing for caves or to see the floating village. Well as you can see from my rating I found the situation much, much better.

The bay is gorgeous; an emerald green with tall, dramatic islands scattered like sentinels. Yes there are plenty of tourists and boats, yes there is a scattering of plastic waste and yes there are lots of tourists waiting to see the caves but if you approach this attraction properly then you'll really see the beauty and experience one of the natural wonders of the world.
Tips:
1. Length of Stay: Do for for at least 2 days (with one night on a boat). If you go for the day then you'll be forced to join the army pf other short stay tourists in a veritable floatilla of small boats racing around the bay. If you stay overnight you get to spend the night anchored over the far side of the bay, tour the bay away from the main crowds and get chance to absorb the beauty.
2. Choice of Boat: I do believe that in this case you get what you pay for. It's worth the extra cash to relax on your own small balcony on one of the larger, more luxurious boats.
3. Rubbish: Do expect so,me rubbish in the bay. They are trying their best to keep it clean but some plastic does wash up on one of the many islands.
4. Floating Village: This is interesting. You can take the normal row boat or paddle a kayak. For my money take the row boat so that you can look around. Also take some binoculars to observe the locals working and living on the water. It's fascinating.
5. Caves: Don't expect too much (it depends what you've seen before but I suspect that you will have seen better caves at home, wherever your home is). The caves do get crowded, you do have to wait and it's best to visit as early as possible in the morning.
One last thing; beware that they are starting to build an airport on the edge of the bay in order to increase tourist numbers. It's already busy so plan your visit sooner rather than later.
If you are visiting North Vietnam then this is a must. I don't give many 5 star ratings and so I'd be surprised if you didn't really enjoy this marvel of nature.
Written February 27, 2018
Stephanie P
11 contributions
0
Very disappointing.
Sep 2017
We were really excited about this part of our journey but we're unfortunately very disappointed. We stayed in Ha Long for 4 nights which was our first mistake.
The area Ha Long:
is not tourist friendly, beautiful or relaxing. There are almost no good restaurants to be found. The locals are not very good at English. The taxis will take you on detours in order to charge more. There are bed bugs and other insects in most low price accommodation. Everything felt like an uphill battle for us in this town.
Seeing Ha Long Bay:
When looking to go on a one day tour of Ha Long Bay the whole market is monopolized by 1 company. It is very expensive for no options. Your only choice is a big group boat where you see some over touristed caves, can pay extra to see some fishing stuff and then back to the harbour. All we wanted to do was to sail around the Beautiful islands but this was not at all a possibility. Apparently the laws and this company make it that way. Maybe with enough money it is possible to pay your way around this but we did not find any other options. The tour was rubbish.
I would suggest people to take a 1 day tour or cruise option from Hanoi. Do not stay in the area.
Written September 1, 2017
Chuck N
Fort Worth, TX915 contributions
Get your ship together
Aug 2017 • Business
At any given moment one-half of the tourists in North VietNam are on one of the zillion cruise ships in Halong Bay. (The other half are in Sapa). Their is a ship for every budget. Living high we chose Paradise which is THE most luxurious. One night on board is plenty. Doing two nights will be like being Bill Murray in Groundhog's Day.
Written August 12, 2017
joandfamily2017
Canberra, Australia9 contributions
1
So sad
Jun 2017 • Family
Halong Bay's beautiful scenery is completely compromised by the disgusting level of rubbish in the water. It is a disgrace and should be delisted from UNESCO World Heritage sites until the waters are cleaned up. I highly recommend NOT going.
Written June 27, 2017
Wei Jie Tan
Johor Bahru, Malaysia226 contributions
2.0 of 5 bubbles
One Day Trip - Not Worth It
Sep 2016 • Solo
I took a one day trip to Halong Bay (do shop around the old quarter region for the best pricing).
It took 4 hours for the van to get there. I was unfortunate to have boarded a van that had spoiled aircond, so the 4 hours was hell.
We then boarded the boat at noon. The lunch was decent, but drinks are not included. The boat stopped by a spot for about 20 minutes for canoeing/bamboo boat for an extra cost. It doesn't seem very worth it. Next, the boat stopped by a cave (at least this was included). After the cave, the boat headed back to the terminal.
After a total of 2+ hours on the boat, we are now on a four hour trip back to Hanoi. At least this one has air conditioning.
So for those who are thinking of taking the one day trip, keep in mind that you'll be spending 8 hours traveling, and 2+ hours on the boat. Also, that the trip is really really hot and everyone seems to want to make extra cash out of you.
That said, the rocks are really beautiful. But the boat ride doesn't give you more information about them, only the opportunity to look at them.
Written April 12, 2017
BBBBJJJJ
Seoul, South Korea32 contributions
Nothing special place
Sep 2015 • Friends
Too hot, too long way from Hanoi. It's terrible way to get there due to poor local road condition. Though you get there at last, it's common scenery, just some bunches of high-rise stones on the sea. Nothing spectacular result for your effort on the endless bumpy road and time investment.
Written August 14, 2016
brittany s
London, UK529 contributions
Don't use Aloha cruises
Feb 2016
Firstly the bus journey was terrifying ! I thought I was actually going to die! The driving was terrible and was overing taking when there was coming traffic!
Healing bay its self was beautiful minus all the tour boats. But we didn't get much chance to see it as on the way back we had to do an inside 'cooking lesson' on how to make spring rolls.
When we arrived we were promised welcome drinks, which we were later billed for. Be aware that the drinks they offer with the meal are not free. Even though they don't make it clear.
The room was the highlight for me was really nice and Cosy.
The 'squid fishing' was just a stick with a line on it with no bait that keep getting dragged under the boat with the current. What a joke.
The tour guy went on to the main land and left us on the boat with no explanation for an hour
The food was terrible! There wasn't enough and half of it was served stone cold!
On the way back on the bus we found smashed eggs in a bag on our seat. When we asked for a bin the driver stopped and the tour guy told us to throw the rubbish out the window!!! No wonder the country is so polluted! To which we refused and they stopped off at a bin 15 minutes later whilst they made us hold on to the eggs!
If it wasn't for the view on the way there and the people I would of had a miserable time. But I could of got that on any boat!
Written February 23, 2016
4Phnompenhmom
Hanoi, Vietnam26 contributions
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Tourist trap
Aug 2015
People frequently visit Ha Long Bay as it one of the top tourist spots in Vietnam, however, since it has become popular, it is becoming less clean and overrun with tourists. If you are looking for a more unique and interesting experience, consider Cat Ba island instead. It has similar rock formations in the bay, but less crowded.
Written January 28, 2016
…
35
36
37
Showing results 351-360 of 7,413
Also popular with travelers
Bai Tu Long Bay
961
2023
Sung Sot Cave
1,861
Dau Go Cave
713
Dong Thien Cung
571
Castaway Island
556
Islands
Hon Ga Choi Island
248
Ti Top Island
1,136
Tien Ong Cave
44
Bai Tho Mountain
107
Mountains
Soi Sim Island
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
Halong Bay - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (2024)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
... to visiting floating villages, and immerse yourself in the breathtaking wonders of this UNESCO
World Heritage Site
.
Had a full day visit to this beautiful
natural wonder
on Dec-21,2023 on a passenger cruise called "Dong Duong 01" Sta...
Outdoor Activities
Shore Excursions
Day Trips & Excursions
Tours & Sightseeing
$149.00
$39.00
$160.00
$79.00
$41.00
$37.90
$319.00
Bournemouth, United Kingdom
381 contributions
February 2023
as a couple
November 2022
with friends
Manchester, United Kingdom
252 contributions
March 2023
The Netherlands
4 contributions
April 2023
Speldhurst, United Kingdom
9 contributions
Nuremberg, Germany
3 contributions
with family
Auckland Central, New Zealand
Burlington, Canada
1,072 contributions
Adelaide, Australia
10 contributions
May 2022
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Dubai, United Arab Emirates
287 contributions
transparency report
Milan, Italy
208 contributions
Greater Manchester, UK
495 contributions
Fort Worth, TX
915 contributions
Canberra, Australia
Johor Bahru, Malaysia
226 contributions
Seoul, South Korea
32 contributions
London, UK
529 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
26 contributions
