Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with a View
THE 10 BEST Hotels with a View in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with a View
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Great View
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Great View
Ha Long Harbour Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
6 reviews
4.2 miles from Halong Bay
#6 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The hotel is biggest in Tuan Chau islands. With many customer. Is a new hotel facilitty in basic. With us is good and comfortable. Receptionis is helpiNg us to arrange the boat service. Hotel view direct to the..."
"We stayed one night and everything was asper our expectations .great location with the friendly staffs alway helpful.mr Hong & Mr Hoa speak well english.room were roomy and clean.breakfast included .also location..."
White Crown Hotel
10 reviews
0.6 miles from Halong Bay
#13 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This was a short trip to Halong bay to experience the wonderful scenery, however we were quite happy about the hotel and it’s location so we decided to stay three nights instead of one, giving more time to explore..."
"First of all, this hotel is 2,5⭐ not 3,5⭐ . We stayed for 2 nights, 5 people. Staffs were friendly and the owner was really helpful. They offered us a tour named "Ha Binh Cruise". I was wary because of all the..."
SeaStar Hotel
9 reviews
In Halong Bay
#34 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"A very fresh approach to luxurious standards in amenities, very comfortable rooms, well designed FB outlets and the Amara Spa which is out of this world , very unique in design and settings. Impeccable service by..."
"What a wonderful hotel. The general manager made sure that alo our needs were met. We had a couple of complicated excursions to make and he and the activities Director name Trầng , really took the time to make sure..."
Vietnam Trade Union Hotel
11 reviews
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This Hotel probably fits into a simple policy – ‘You get what you paid for’. Nothing exceptional or over the top. The rooms are spacious and well-lit. Comfortable bed and clean Bathrooms. The location of this..."
"I come there within my business and vacation. The hotel is not at the center near Bai Chay beach. So I have to take 50.000VND taxi any time I want to swim or shop in the center or go out for a meal. The hotel give..."
Aha Halong Hotel
3 reviews
3.8 miles from Halong Bay
#8 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"We were just finished our vacation to ha long city and such a great time to spent our time to stay in this hotel. Was so difficult to find a hotel in this area in summer with a good price, luckily we found it as..."
"This is the second time I visited Ha Long Bay. I booked 2 superior rooms for my family. The room is in the central of Tuan Chau island, easy for walking to Tuan Chau park, day boat area and beach. The rooms are..."
Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
#43 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you need..."
"On the positive side the bedrooms are clean, the beds comfortable and the staff I spoke to all friendly and helpful. However hotel is dated and in need of renovation. The bathroom was very tired with signs of mold..."
Lan Tuong Hotel
2 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#15 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Galaxy Halong Hotel
0.8 miles from Halong Bay
#17 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"This hotel is newly opened hotel and facilities in room are modernized. At the 2nd floor restaurant I had dinner on my arrival date and the taste was good. I expected that the breakfast also will be good. But not..."
"Galaxy Halong Hotel is a brand new hotel nearby Cai Ram Market, clearned rooms and very friendly staffs. Lobby is a bit small and breakfast is quite simple. Some constructions in the neighborhoods, which seems to be..."
Việt Hoàng Hotel Hạ Long
4 reviews
412.1 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"The hotel is cozy and well-maintained. My room was clean, spacious, and had all the amenities. The bed was incredibly comfortable, guaranteeing a good night's sleep after a day of exploring the beautiful Ha Long..."
Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
#53 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was..."
"Pros: Great location (about 2 blocks from the main strip) Rooms are spacious Service Great Cons: Beds are firm (all the beds in VN are firm, but the mattress is a boxspring here) Pool is located in the..."
Bãi Cháy Panda Hotel
1 review
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#19 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast..."
Seasun Hotel Ha Long
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#21 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east side..."
May House Hotel
#20 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Near the beach. New building. Excellent customer service. Good breakfast , I liked the tea and the coffee. You can rent motorbikes (recommended). They can arrange transportation and tours for you.We booked a full..."
"Very friendly and helpful staff. Nice room (we got one with the view on the sea). The location is not close to the cool restaurants and bars, which means it's a very relaxing place: we could sleep well, as it was..."
Bao Han Hotel
#22 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Confy rooms, spacious and well maintained, Hotel is not new, is clean, good location, offers a 24Hr convenience store with some basic toiletries, beverages and snacks, also a gifts store and a cafe. Staff is really..."
Halomoon Ha Long Hotel
#58 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Yhis hotel was an absolute surprise and excellent value for money. The staff were first rate very accommodating and spoke excellent English. The room was very comfortable with a massive bed and views to Ha Long Bay..."
Lake Hills Hotel Halong
0.7 miles from Halong Bay
#23 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Hoang Phu Gia Hotel
#61 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
Golden Palm Halong Hotel
484.2 miles from Halong Bay
#7 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Extremely clean hotel with a nice view. The rooms are super clean (we cannot find any dust in the room). The cleanliness is superb. The beds are comfy and hard to my liking. The hotel looks new too. The owner of..."
The Twin Hotel
#25 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Very great location with many restaurants nearby . The price is very good as we stayed here with our big group of students. Breakfast is not very good but nice enough with the price . Room is big enough but the..."
The Marine Hotel
#26 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"the room was wide, cozy clean, spacious and comfortable. equipped with a smart tv, inverter air conditioner, hot and cold shower, smart door lock and elevator (i need to mention these things since our hotel in Hanoi..."
Sen Hong Lotus Hotel
#27 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Golden Halong Hotel
19 reviews
#65 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We just spend one night in this hotel. The travel agent chose this hotel for our group. From the outside view this building looks great. Inside view is quite oke. But the room is just so-so. We got big room with..."
"got stuck here after our cruise on ha long bay was canceled due to bad weather. staff has been very accommodating though the restaurant menu leaves alot to be desired (I had to have chips for dinner and bread and..."
Luxury Hotel
#66 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Wonderful rooms, pleasant staff. Plenty of local places to eat at nearby. Not in the main part of the tourist area so a lot less hassle when out walking. In the low season it is worth asking for a discount, we got..."
Catba Island Resort & Spa
64 reviews
#67 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Our family spent 3 nights at this resort. The place has a lot to offer: two pools and water slides for adults and kids, a cool pirate-themed bar with karaoke, a play area for younger kids, a spa, beach access, and..."
"I come here for the first time with my colleague but I feel funny. The receptionist is so lack of professional. The bell men know we were corporate customer therefore they didn't bring our suit case to our..."
Tuan Chau Holiday Villa Halong Bay
54 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#9 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"I turned up here after staying on a Junk on the bay and stayed for a night. The place was very average. The food was alright but nothing special. The free wi-fi was for the communal areas not the rooms and I assume..."
"It is some were in between Avarage and Very Good. The place is nice, but expensive. It is devided in tree parts: villas with almost direct access to the seashore; second layer of villas with rooms and a third..."
Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
#10 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man..."
"We were booked into this hotel when our overnight trip on a Halong Bay cruise was suddenly terminated due to an expected typhoon. The hotel turned out to be true to the initial description given to us: it's a..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
Lang Chai Hotel
#71 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
#73 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2..."
Tuan Chau Kingly Villa
#11 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"The View of Halong Bay and the Tuan Chau beach is absolutely spectacular. The only shame is that the smog from Hanoi does cause various levels of Haze. Unlike one of the other reviews, we thought the breakfast was..."
"We arrived on 4th of March flight from London to Singapore,Singapore to Hanoi. 3hour taxi trip from Hanoi Hotel offered pick up for $25 and on day of arrival changed that to $60 due to some error. Villa in very good..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with a View
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Nile River Valley
The mighty Nile has been providing Egypt with water for millennia. Deserving of its reputation as the world's largest open-air museum, the Nile River Valley contains thousands of monuments at sites such as Luxor and Aswan. Don't miss the city of temples ar Karnak, the dozens of tombs in the Valley of the Kings, the massive rock temples of Abu Simbel or vast and powerful Luxor Temple. Visitors can float by these astounding sites on a felucca boat or cruise ship or catch a train from Cairo.
Fujikawaguchiko-machi
Saratov Oblast
Pyatigorsk
Sinop
Ankara Province
Tilos
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Quiet Hotels
Hotels with Sauna
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a view
What are the best hotels with a view near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with a view in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are romantic?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with a view in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with a view in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
