Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangThings to Do in Da NangThe Marble Mountains
The Marble Mountains
7,995 reviews
#9 of 110 things to do in Da Nang
MountainsPoints of Interest & LandmarksGeologic Formations
Closed now
7:00 AM - 5:30 PM
Write a review
About
Discover the tunnels and grottoes within Thuy Son, the only one of the five Marble Mountains that’s open to travelers. Marvel at the Buddhist temples carved into the rock, then head to the hilltop overlook for awe-inspiring views of the city. Join a guided tour to learn more about the history of the mountains. To reach the summit, take the elevator or climb the stairs; if you choose to do the latter, be very careful as the marble steps tend to be slippery. Visit early in the morning or later in the day to escape the midday heat and beat the crowds. – Tripadvisor
Read more
Duration: < 1 hour
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Tours & experiences
Explore different ways to experience this place.
See options
All photos (11,900)
Top ways to experience The Marble Mountains
See all
RecommendedTours & SightseeingOutdoor ActivitiesDay Trips & ExcursionsTheme Parks
Morning Small group to Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain
323
Recommended
Adventure Tours
from $32.70 per adult
Marble Mountains - Am Phu Cave - Monkey Mountain Sunset tour
304
from $25.97 per adult
Marble Mountains-Am Phu Cave-Monkey Mountains from Hoi An/Da Nang
16
Bus Tours
from $25.90 per adult (price varies by group size)
Hue to Hoi An or Hoi An to Hue by car via Hai Van pass, monkey mountain, beaches
572
Historical Tours
from $54.93 per adult (price varies by group size)
Half-day MARBLE MOUNTAINS & LINH UNG PAGODA from DA NANG
23
from $32.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Full-day MY SON SANCTUARY & MARBLE MOUNTAINS from DA NANG
8
from $96.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
Private Car Sightseeing Tour from Hue to Hoi An
175
Full-day Tours
from $119.00 per group (up to 3)
Magnificent Marble Mountain Tour
1
from $100.00 per adult (price varies by group size)
The area
Hoa Hai, Ngu Hanh Son, Da Nang 550000 Vietnam
Reach out directly
Visit website
Full view
Best nearby
101 within 3 miles
Laluna Bar & Restaurant
265
428 ft$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
SC Restaurant & Bar
13
332 ft$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
Hung 68 Food And Coffee
19
0.2 mi$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
Attractions
74 within 6 miles
Hoa Nghiem Cave
122
427 ftCaverns & Caves
Non Nuoc - Ngu Hanh Son Stone Carving Memory Museum
0.1 miArt Museums
Non Nuoc Beach
1,204
0.6 miBeaches
See what travelers are saying
Learn more
LaLaK
Toronto, Canada205 contributions
Beautiful!
Everything is great here. I docked 1 point off the rating only because I think visitors should just prepare for being followed and asked to buy things. The people are friendly and kind but do follow you around if you speak English. It doesn’t overly bother me but I can see it being overwhelming for some. Wear non slip shoes as the steps are obviously very old and crumbling so you want non stick. The elevator up is very hot but only takes about 30 seconds to get up or down. There’s lots of places to buy water and souvenirs. You have to buy a ticket for entrance as well as a ticket to use the elevator up. There are steps to climb up however it can be challenging for anyone who isn’t sure footed. You can always take the elevator down. Ticket in per person is 40,000 dong and elevator is 15,000 dong up and buy another ticket to go down (total 30,000).
Visited March 2023
Traveled as a couple
Written March 9, 2023
rajkumars160
Bengaluru, India5 contributions
An unreal and divine experience
An experience that can't be put into words. 1. It's easy to reach from Da Nang about 15 mins scooty ride 2. The way up is via elevator as well through a cheap ticket 3. There are multiple caves but the one to not miss out on is the HUYEN KHONG cave. Feels absolutely unreal and there is an air which will just leave you at a standstill.
Visited December 2022
Written March 10, 2023
ZackBklyn
Brooklyn, New York40 contributions
More like a theme park than a cultural attraction
I’m not sure I would recommend this place. Yes, the temples and caves are very cool. But it is crazy crowded, the signage is not great (the map we were given was sort of helpful but we still got lost more than once), and all the neon lights and souvenir stands make it feel more like a theme park than a cultural attraction. If you are staying in Da Nang or Hoi An and don’t have much time to sightsee and don’t mind the theme park atmosphere then you might have a good time, otherwise I’d recommend going to Hue or going to temples that are less commercialized.
Written March 12, 2023
Gauthami B
Sydney, Australia54 contributions
Great experience even with a toddler.
A great experience with our 2.5yr old! Don't bring a pram though. And be prepared to carry your kid up and down a lot of stairs. But our kid enjoyed the experience and so did we. We didn't take the elevator, and the inital staircase was do-able. The stairs to the peak are what was challenging because it was steep!
Traveled with family
Written March 21, 2023
David C
16 contributions
Nice tourist trap
Not for everyone as some steps and caves are rocky steps of marble polished over time. At least one cave, most people chose not to go deeper because the steps are a little challenging.There was a lot of trash and junk,..even in a country known for it one would think more pride would be taken at an attraction like this, making it less beautiful. Overall, it was Ok for money, but note the large hell cave is separate admission. The area at the entrance has a tourist trap vibe and vendors will charge 5x more...they work it well and we're fun, to talk to so yes, we knowingly overpaid.,. For a souvenir with a story.
TravelBrianCO
Pearland, Texas866 contributions
Sweaty awesome mess
Amazing adventure. The caves, lookout points, and atmosphere are not to be missed. You will sweat more than you ever have in your life. The stairs are tough to navigate - slick and uneven. Bring plenty of water and go early to beat the crowds.
Written March 23, 2023
Leannie
Hanoi, Vietnam1,421 contributions
Average and busy
This was our second trip here and we didn't enjoy it as much as the first time. The caves are cool to walk into and a nice respite from the heat but I wasn't a big fan of the windy small stairs to climb up and down especially as they are two way. It does feel like a little bit of a rip off getting charged for every bit separately, the cave, the Pagoda, the lift both ways, would prefer to pay one ticket price which covers you for everything. There are a few vendors to get drinks and ice cream along the way which was welcome in the heat. There was building work going on so it was quie noisy on the lower levels and you did get dust over you when you walked past to the high levels, feel like they could have put up on a dust sheet
Written March 30, 2023
Kate W
6 contributions
A must see
This was an unexpected pleasant surprise. What they have done inside the mountains is amazing to see. The little stalls outside have some lovely gifts also. Must try the fresh coconuts, very refreshing. Make sure you waer comfortable shoes as the floor inside the cave can be slippy
Written April 1, 2023
These reviews are the subjective opinion of Tripadvisor members and not of TripAdvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Contribute
Write a reviewUpload a photo
ReviewsQ&A
Filters
English
Detailed Reviews
Popular mentions
marble mountain
steep steps
highest peak
worth the climb
main cave
walk up
worth a visit
buy something
take your time
entrance fee
nice view
elevator
caves
slippery
statues
buddha
paths
lookout
buddhist
vendors
shoes
souvenirs
4.0
7,996 reviews
Excellent
3,630
Very good
3,009
Average
1,058
Poor
204
Terrible
95
WhyDontWe
Singapore, Singapore146 contributions
4.0 of 5 bubbles
Short challenging steps with great vantage points and Buddhist statues
Sep 2022 • Friends
We visited on 29 Sept 2022. The marble mountains area is slightly affected by the storm and is experiencing some power outages. The elevator is not operating today but would likely be resumed soon. There are local buses that stop nearby. We took a Grab from the bridges to gate A.

Gate A/ gate 1 entrance is closed today as they are clearing the fallen tree. Gate B is open and available for entry. Most sites are accessible and the locals are still clearing up the debris in some areas.
The place is free to visit and 40k for elevator (optional). There are donation boxes at most sites. Do contribute if you have spare change as they are run and maintained by locals and especially now where they are picking up after the storm.
The nearby stalls and locals do marble carving and craft and sell many ornaments. Do try and support them especially if you are interested in home decor. Some of the stall owners speak decent English.
There are some drink stalls around and within the areas and free toilets available.
The steps are pretty steep and undulating and can be slippery. Walk with care and wear shoes with good grip or high ankle boots if you are prone to slip or tripping.
Written September 29, 2022
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
3.0 of 5 bubbles
Mar 2023 • Couples
This was our second trip here and we didn't enjoy it as much as the first time.
The caves are cool to walk into and a nice respite from the heat but I wasn't a big fan of the windy small stairs to climb up and down especially as they are two way.
It does feel like a little bit of a rip off getting charged for every bit separately, the cave, the Pagoda, the lift both ways, would prefer to pay one ticket price which covers you for everything. There are a few vendors to get drinks and ice cream along the way which was welcome in the heat.
There was building work going on so it was quie noisy on the lower levels and you did get dust over you when you walked past to the high levels, feel like they could have put up on a dust sheet
Fiona M
7 contributions
Marble mountain good, commercial base terrible
Jan 2023
The marble mountain was awesome. It was raining when I went but still very beautiful.
The commercial nonsense at the bottom of the mountain was terrible. I went to the mountain with a driver. I was pounced on by a very loud, unpleasant woman in a yellow raincoat with good English, who insisted I come and look at her family’s shop on my return from the mountain. I came down a different way than she expected but she still found me on my return. She then tried to tell me everything in her shop was made by her father.
I bought one object although she could not understand why I would not by two. I subsequently found on that this one thing cost 4 times what it would cost in Hanoi and clearly was not made by her father!!!!
The mountain was great, shame about the desecration of the importance of the site by such terrible commercialism.
Written February 6, 2023
Moya M
23 contributions
5.0 of 5 bubbles
Good half day trip
Feb 2020 • Couples
Good visit for a morning. We didn't bother with an organised tour, it wasn't needed. All you have to do is get a taxi which only cost 100,000vnd (4$) and head up there yourself. Once there you can buy a ticket to enter the mountain and if you wish buy a ticket that includes getting the elevator up. I would recommend that as there is a lot of walking and climbing steps when you are up anyway. Toilet and resting facilities are there as are people selling water etc. But bring your own as it can be hot.
Written February 14, 2020
Hotlips56
Emsworth, UK34 contributions
0
Marble mountain
Mar 2020 • Couples
Brilliant if you don't feel like walking up the mountain there is a fast lift to the top for a small fee. Lovely pagodas. It seems a holy place for Buddhists . Quite tranquil. Don't buy anything from the local trades people up there it is very expensive. We were warned by the hotel staff.
Written March 13, 2020
Tayla
Brisbane, Australia26 contributions
Absolutely breath taking caves and views
Jul 2023 • Couples
What an awesome breath taking experience! We started with the cave and trek to the highest point (20k entry each) and then went towards the elevator where we paid 40k each to see the rest . Both entry prices absolutely worth it if debating one or the other. The most incredible view I have ever seen at Heavens gate and worth the long trek up the stairs! Absolutely took my breath away.
Written July 17, 2023
Bharadwaj1955
Chennai (Madras), India7 contributions
Marble Mountains of Da Nang Vietnam
Feb 2020
Wonderful place to visit. Very near to Da Nang and around 30 Kms from Hoi An. Some places are very slippery and difficult to climb. But worth climbing. A must place to see in Da Nang.
Written March 5, 2020
MartyPN
Palmerston North245 contributions
Part of site requires ability to climb steep stairs, but still interesting
Jul 2023
There are two sites at the Marble Mountains and consideration should be given as to your level of fitness when embarking on going there. Each has separate admission costs which should not be a deterrence as they relatively minor costs. The lower larger cave is the more accessible for people who might have more mobility issues. Most parts of this cave are interesting and provide a good experience of what can be seen in the caves and grottoes of the other site that can be accessed by elevator (or steep steps if you are keen).
The second site has numerous steep steps and as a person with health issues I struggled to reach some points and due to electrical faults some caves were not lit. While not advocating that you should not visit the area accessed by the elevator I would say people with mobility issues will be limited in exploring the site to the full extent of what is present.
What I saw of the second site, almost at the level of the elevator exit, was interesting. There were Buddhist monks in prayer when we visited and several accessible grottoes and landscaped spaces located at this level. The remaining areas of the site required steep climbs on steps that might provide issues for some visitors. If you are prepared to climb the steps I think you will enjoy the added attractions that I could not reach. Given the low cost of entry you should not be put off going to the elevator accessed area as what I managed to see was well worth the visit.
Written July 20, 2023
Melissa W
Definitely worth a visit - take your time
Aug 2023 • Family
We spent a fantastic morning at the Marble Mountains. We went on our own buying tickets on site, which we were pleased about as we could take our time walking around the caves and shrines. Wear trainers or sturdy shoes as some of the steps are steep or narrow. Go as early as possible as slightly cooler and you will avoid the tour groups who really start about 8.30am
Negotiate hard with the sellers at the bottom !!!
Written August 27, 2023
Alex H
Port St. Mary, UK1,319 contributions
Definitely visit here
Jan 2023 • Couples
Can use Grab app to take you from Danang to entrance. Recommend using elevator rather than tire yourself out with initial stairs, as there’s plenty of walking/stairs to come.
Entry is 40,000 for a ticket, but if you buy the elevator as well that is 15,000 extra.
Set aside approximately 90-120 minutes here, plenty of great pictures to be taken from inside the caves and up on the viewpoints.
Overall really cool place to visit so would absolutely recommend.
Written January 30, 2023
…
3
4
5
Showing results 31-40 of 5,366
Also popular with travelers
2023
Son Tra Mountain
827
Mountains
Open now
Beaches
2024
My Khe Beach
2,649
Caverns & Caves
DHC Marina
200
Marinas
Phuoc My Beach
60
Hot spring Park
59
Hot Springs & Geysers
Red Beach
81
Bãi Đá Đen
Riverside Park
12
Parks
Is this your Tripadvisor listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim your listing
The Marble Mountains - All You Need to Know BEFORE You Go (with Photos)
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Things to Do in Da Nang
Points of Interest & Landmarks
Geologic Formations
Tours & Sightseeing
Outdoor Activities
Day Trips & Excursions
Theme Parks
$32.70
$25.97
$25.90
$54.93
$32.00
$96.00
$119.00
$100.00
428 ft
$$ - $$$ • Asian • Vietnamese • Vegetarian Friendly
332 ft
$ • Italian • French • Vietnamese
0.2 mi
$ • Cafe • Deli • Vietnamese
427 ft
0.1 mi
Art Museums
0.6 mi
Toronto, Canada
205 contributions
March 2023
as a couple
Bengaluru, India
5 contributions
December 2022
Brooklyn, New York
40 contributions
Sydney, Australia
54 contributions
with family
Pearland, Texas
866 contributions
Hanoi, Vietnam
1,421 contributions
Upload a photo
Reviews
Q&A
Singapore, Singapore
146 contributions
transparency report
Emsworth, UK
34 contributions
Brisbane, Australia
26 contributions
Chennai (Madras), India
Palmerston North
245 contributions
Port St. Mary, UK
1,319 contributions
