Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
THE BEST Hotels with Private Beach in Halong Bay
Halong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
3 of 474 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Private Beaches
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,230 reviews
#1 Best Value of 3 Halong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
"The hotel's private beach, dedicated kids' area, and pool facilities were outstanding."
"We took full advantage of the private beach, pools, gym and the spa."
2. Sea Stars Hotel Ha Long
10 reviews
#2 Best Value of 3 Halong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
"This is really a luxury stay. Our room was perfect and we really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. The staff helped us with everything, especially Gnoc! Would definitely recommend! We would also recommend a..."
"Brand new 5 stars hotel in Ha Long Bay. We had a pleasant stay here at Sea Star hotel for a couples of days. Modern design, infinity pool and 4 season pool with great foods. Highly recommended, worth a single penny..."
3. Tuan Chau Resort Ha Long
80 reviews
#3 Best Value of 3 Halong Bay Hotels with Private Beach
"That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family."
"The resort is very good value for money. Good location close to Marina. Easy walk 10 minutes. Rooms are quite large. Had a lot of issues with hot water mostly only warm. Not sure if it was share between rooms and we..."
Popular destinations for Hotels with Private Beach
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Read more
Ko Samui
Koh Samui was once a Thai fishing community, and that charming sensibility is still present today. Spending time in Bophut is a wonderful way to soak up local culture; the beachy village restaurants and pubs are perfect spots to experience the sunset. There aren’t many other places where you can bask in the camp of a cabaret show and the solemnity of a Buddhist temple. As far as the latter goes, Wat Plai Laem is a magnificent vision of gilded red rooftops and a massive spindly-armed statue of Guanyin.
Krabi Town
The southern Thailand town of Krabi serves as base camp for exploring the province of the same name, a lush region of jungles, limestone cliffs and idyllic isles floating just offshore in the Andaman Sea. Buddhist shrines still used by local monks are tucked into the chambers of the town's top attraction, Tiger Cave. The riverside pier links travelers with ferries and longboats to the best scuba diving, rock climbing and white sand beaches on the coast.
Phuket
Thailand’s largest island is an international magnet for beach lovers and serious divers, who enthusiastically submerge themselves in the Andaman Sea. Blue lagoons and salmon sunsets make for a dream-like atmosphere, and indeed, a vacation here can feel a bit surreal. Watersports are the most popular activities, though once you’ve had enough sun there’s still plenty to explore at the island’s aquariums, gardens, and Buddhist temples.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Goa
The sandy coast of Goa is perfect for reclining by the sea. Nestle into a cushioned chair at a beach shack and savor a curry while you sip a Kingfisher beer, watching the sun slip lazily below the horizon. In Old Goa, the beautiful Basilica of Bom Jesus is a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a fine example of baroque architecture. Visit during Christmastime to experience a fantastic religious and cultural mash-up of East and West.
Maldives
Want to make your co-workers insanely jealous? Just casually drop "I’m vacationing in the Maldives this year" into conversation, preferably in the dead of winter. Or better yet, go there without mentioning it to anyone—then send them a "Wish you were here!" postcard.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Abu Dhabi
Atmospheric backstreets paint a very different picture to first impressions of Abu Dhabi. The often slick and modern capital of the U.A.E. presents a fascinating mixture of tradition and progression. Tracing its rich history back to around 3000 B.C., Abu Dhabi maintains a more distinctly Arabian ambiance than glitzy Dubai. Taxis are a safe, reliable way to get around sites such as The Corniche Park, the White Fort, the Heritage Village, which offers glimpses into Bedouin life, and the Women's Craft Centre.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Quiet Hotels
5 Star Resorts
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Private BeachesHotels & Motels
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
809 reviews
17.1 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"... they've boardwalks (with cute keyboard design) going up and down the edge of this mountain, beautiful private beach where you can do sea sports, and the outdoor pool was so unique as they've a stretch of the p..."
"An electric car took us to Flamingo hotel from Cat Ba town, and we were greeted with amazing views of Ha Long bay with Karst rock formations and a peaceful private beach."
Monkey Island Resort
848 reviews
16.5 miles from Halong Bay
#5 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"We spent four days five nights at this resort, and we had a great chilled out experience. Staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and willing to help out in any way. Initially we were given accommodation towards..."
Catba Sunrise Resort
525 reviews
17.2 miles from Halong Bay
#11 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"I only visited this property to enjoy it's beach and bar. The covered lounge area adjacent to the beach was a real treat to enjoy and not over priced at all. The bar was also a nice feature as well and priced very..."
"Hello travelers, We searched for a beach resort at cat ba. The sunrise is a quite good choice, but it is a public beach. In the early morning and evening, the beach is crowed! The hotel makes advertisement with..."
Cat Ba Sandy Beach Resort
206 reviews
14.5 miles from Halong Bay
#41 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Visited this “resort” as part of a package with our cruise on Halong Bay. Quite frankly I was bored. Pleasant enough place but not much to do. They have pool tables, table tennis and kayaks (which are extremely..."
Hotel Perle d'Orient Cat Ba
152 reviews
#3 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"With the gorgeous view to Lan Ha Bay, Perle d’Orient Cat Ba brings you an awesome experience when visiting Cat Ba Island. Personally, I think the hotel owns most of the criteria for the best hotel in Cat Ba..."
Halong Lavender Hotel
1 review
1.1 miles from Halong Bay
#36 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
Luxurious Apartment Sapphire Ha Long
3.3 miles from Halong Bay
#42 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"I honestly think that Luxurious Appartment Sapphire Ha Long is a scam. It appears like a Apartment Hotel with everything, but the Apartment we got doesn't look like the one we booked regards to inventory and..."
Tropical Beach Villa Resort
17.3 miles from Halong Bay
#51 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star..."
Dream Dragon Resort
29 reviews
24.3 miles from Halong Bay
#14 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The hotel is stunning, probably the best I’ve been in Do Son. The views are beautiful and the staff are very attentive. I’ve been pleasantly impressed with my stay here, the room was comfortable and clean which is..."
"The service was slow and inconvenient. The food was delicious, but there was no service. The facility was new, so it was very clean and nice, and the swimming pool was also very pretty. The amenities were also..."
Holiday View Hotel
179 reviews
16.8 miles from Halong Bay
#70 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"This hotel is in great need of renovation! It's a real pity considering its great seafront location. We had a very spacious room with full sea view, which was amazing, but the bathroom was rusty and had leaking..."
Green Co To Hotel
3 reviews
46.8 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 24 hotels in Dao Co To
"My boyfriend and me who have had good adventure in there. Receptionist have open and friendly, truly local people. They have showed for us everywhere we could go and discover by ourself. Besides, we had enjoyed many..."
Matches:Private Beaches
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Tuan Chau Marina Hotel
2 reviews
3.2 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"I had a trip to Cong Cruise from Tuan Chau Island last month. I had a great there, thanks. The habour has many cruises around. Cong Cruise is nicest one that I had excellent experiences. Thank you all for the..."
"We were in a rush to find a hotel in Halong Bay in the evening and found this one on Booking.com. The prices were cheap and there were no reviews on this hotel, so we weren't expecting much, but we were not..."
Cat Ong Beach Cottages
47 reviews
17.5 miles from Halong Bay
#97 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"So much potential!!! Let's begin by saying the staff were wonderful and attentive. The grounds however left so much to be desired. I do understand the need for a large generator but it's location creates such a..."
"Cat Ong Beach Cottages has lots of potential to be a lovely resort but unfortunately it is not maintained very well making it very expensive for what it is. Things are very run down here which really lets it down..."
Woodstock Beach Camp
134 reviews
14.9 miles from Halong Bay
#30 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The staff here was amazing and could not have been nicer. For around $6.00 USD per night we can't complain. Some of the other visitors were extremely rude, but that is not the fault of the staff. The issue we had..."
"If you just want a place to stay with like minded individuals, then this is your place. If you dont like people sleeping on mattresses on the floor as you walk your room, music all night, holes in the floor, and..."
Nam Cat Island Resort
68 reviews
#103 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We stayed here for 2nights. The location is beautiful and isolated. There is no other services here, you are on a small beach with only staff and other guest so have Vietnam dong or yr credit card 3% fee added. The..."
"A one night stay during a 3 day cruise... Arriving by speed boat, welcomed by the staff. We were lucky (unlucky?) that we were pretty much the only guests there. Beatiful location in a closed bay. The lodges are..."
Cat Ba Emerald Beach
#72 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We went here, thinking we could recover from our trip from Sapa to Cat Ba and sleep until noon. Its remote location is magnificent. It's a beautiful property at the beach that has a dorm, a couple of bungalows and..."
"The hostel lies on the beach near the center. There are some private bungalows and dormitory room. The beach is long and clean. The restaurant is in the center area with sea view. Staffs are friendly and hospitable..."
An Duong Cat Ba - Hotel Elite
16.6 miles from Halong Bay
#35 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Private Beaches
Yoko Onsen Quang Hanh
19 reviews
11.3 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 11 hotels in Cam Pha
"The scene was so beautiful with mountain backdrops and peaceful design. There are many options for soaking with different temperatures & setting. The amenities were clean, well kept, and plentiful. The staff were..."
"The concept is innovative, with big investment on infrastructure, architecture and concept. The staffs are polite during the stay, but it is not effective during pre arrival and check out stage. The buffet s average."
Missing:Private BeachesHotels & Motels
Cat Ba Rustic Homestay
4 reviews
#2 of 3 Specialty lodging in Xuan Dam
"A little homestay with a warm family Cat Ba Rustic Homestay near the beach, you only need 1 minutes to walk Nice view, super new pool, you can see water Buffalo behind the field. Quiet room. You can rent..."
"Amazing place run by the nicest people!!! Private beach, nice room, cute little area to chill and great local food!!! Highly recommend to anyone who wants to stay abit further out from cat ba..."
Van Boi Ecolux Island
18 reviews
#22 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"We really enjoyed our time at the Island. Just two nights, and since my wife is an introvert, that was enough time for me to be left with my own thoughts :) This is a place for relaxation. To stress down. Now..."
"Without us knowing, our pickup from Ben Beo-harbour was already organised, so after the guy from the boat called the manager from the resort, and let us speak to him, we went on the boat. After a 30 minute..."
Viet Trung Hotel
21.9 miles from Halong Bay
#119 of 234 B&Bs / Inns in Hai Phong
"The "Hotel" is - etremely loud!!! - it is impossible to sleep without earplugs. - WiFi is absolutely not working. - after a shower the bathroom is under water and you can swim - no toilet paper. - used..."
Grand View Palace Ha Long Hotel
2.8 miles from Halong Bay
#23 of 211 hotels in Ha Long
"The service quality was incredibly high and quick. I enjoyed the safety and comfort that I felt during my stay here at Grand View Palace. The hotel room was spotless and the bed was made perfectly each day. The..."
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
Banh Sua Island Stay
0 reviews
29.3 miles from Halong Bay
Top Rated
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
In Halong Bay
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels information
Hotels Halong Bay
Hotels Prices From
$29
Hotels Reviews
1,317
Hotels Photos
1,944
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with a private beach
What are the best hotels with a private beach near Bai Tu Long Bay?
Do any hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a pool?
What are the best hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
Which hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular hotels with a private beach in Halong Bay that have a family room?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3 of 474
The hotel's private beach, dedicated kids' area, and pool facilities were outstanding.
The
hotel's private beach
, dedicated kids' area, and pool facilities were outstanding.
We took full advantage of the private beach, pools, gym and the spa.
We took full advantage of the
private beach
, pools, gym and the spa.
That is a great resort with private beach in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
That is a great resort with
in Tuan Chau during 3 days 2 nights for our family.
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
... they've boardwalks (with cute keyboard design) going up and down the edge of this mountain, beautiful private beach where you can do sea sports, and the outdoor pool was so unique as they've a stretch of the p...
... they've boardwalks (with cute keyboard design) going up and down the edge of this mountain,
beautiful private beach
where you can do sea sports, and the outdoor pool was so unique as they've a stretch of the p...
An electric car took us to Flamingo hotel from Cat Ba town, and we were greeted with amazing views of Ha Long bay with Karst rock formations and a peaceful private beach.
An electric car took us to Flamingo hotel from Cat Ba town, and we were greeted with amazing views of Ha Long bay with Karst rock formations and a peaceful
.
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
