Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Cat Ba Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 BEST Resorts near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Asia  Vietnam  Hai Phong  Cat Ba  Cat Ba Hotels  Resorts near Cat Ba Smile Tours
View map
Resorts near Cat Ba Smile Tours
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Cat Ba
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hai Phong  
Hai Phong
Cat Ba  
Cat Ba Hotels  
Cat Ba Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
At 210,1/4 street, Cat Ba town, Cat Hai district, Hai Phong city, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Cat Ba Smile Tours
Popular
5 stars
2
Pool
3
Luxury
Property types
Resorts
+345
B&Bs & Inns
+138
Specialty lodgings
+67
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
5
Breakfast included
Free parking
4
Distance from
25+ mi
Cat Ba Island
Hospital Cave
Cat Ba National Park
Lan Ha Bay
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 stars
1
Style
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Business
Show more
Brands
Vinpearl
13 of 1,910 properties are available and match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Cat Ba Smile Tours

2023
1. Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
1,232 reviews
| Reu Island, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
15.0 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#1 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…”
Top Rated
2. Cat Ba Eco Lodge
177 reviews
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
5.3 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#2 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...”
3. FLC Halong Bay Golf Club & Luxury Resort
118 reviews
Nguyen Van Cu Street | Hong Ha, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
16.3 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#3 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.”
Highest-rated hotel within 2 miles of Cat Ba Smile Tours
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Closest
4. Tropical Beach Villa Resort
1 review
12 The Men Island, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
2.1 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#4 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...”
5. Tuan Chau International Resort
15 reviews
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island, Vietnam
15.3 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#5 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...”
6. Sunflower International Village
11 reviews
35A, Van Cao | Ngo Quyen, Hai Phong 35000, Vietnam
23.9 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#6 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...”
7. ATI Bai Tu Long Resort
2 reviews
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don, Halong Bay, Vietnam
15.9 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#7 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...”
8. Song Gia Suites by Hyundai
8 reviews
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District, Hai Phong, Vietnam
28.9 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#8 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...”
9. Sono Belle Hai Phong
Luu Kiem | Thuy Nguyen, Hai Phong, Vietnam
30.3 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#9 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
“I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...”
10. Cat Ba Park Homestay
0 reviews
Thon H_i Son | Đường Xuyên, Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
3.6 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#10 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
11. Hon Dấu Resort
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward, Do Son, Hai Phong, Vietnam
16.0 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#11 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
12. Hoa Loi Resort
Xuan Canh | Song Cau, Tuy Hoa, Vietnam
28.2 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#12 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
13. Coto Jade Island
Khu 4, Dao Co To, Vietnam
49.9 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#13 Best Value of 1,910 places to stay in Cat Ba
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor’s suggestions below:
Cat Ba Hai Binh Hotel
42 reviews
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
0.0 miles from Cat Ba Smile Tours
#8 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...”
Catba Pod Hostel
Hostel
27 reviews
224 Mot Thang Tu, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#15 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“We booked a private room with balcony and sea view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...”
Thai Duong Hotel
Bed and Breakfast
13 reviews
297 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#42 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia, the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…”
Anh Thuan Hotel
41 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#28 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…”
The Ireland Hotel
Limited Service Property
45 reviews
51 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#4 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.”
Victor Charlie Hostel 2
Specialty Hotel
3 reviews
3, Alley 2 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#63 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...”
Cat Ba Life Hostel
4 reviews
13/2 Du_ng Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000, Vietnam
#41 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...”
Mona Hostel
No.180, 1/4 Road, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#46 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff. ”
Swiss Hotel Catba
16 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#72 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
Lan Ha Hotel
Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#63 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
Little Vietnam Hotel & Restaurant - Cat Ba Island
36 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#64 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
Cat Ba Boutique Inn
33 Nui Ng_c, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#48 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality”
Cat Ba Orchid Hotel
Specialty Inn
12 reviews
No 2 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc Street, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300, Vietnam
#85 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great. Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...”
Good morning Catba Hotel
12 Nui Ngoc 12 Duong Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#85 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for 2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...”
Dao Ngoc Hotel
No 34, Nui Ngoc Streest, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#86 of 127 B&Bs in Cat Ba
“We booked this room based on the good rating on other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...”
Thanh Cong Hotel
7 reviews
39 Nui Ngoc Street, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431, Vietnam
#67 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
“The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.”
Anh Thuan Hotel 1
5 reviews
41 Nui Ngoc, Hai Phong, Cat Ba, Vietnam
#95 of 153 specialty lodgings in Cat Ba
“After 15 months of travelling through Australia and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...”
Resorts Near Cat Ba Smile Tours information
Resorts Near Cat Ba Smile Tours
There are 3 Resorts nearby in Cat Ba
Resorts nearby reviews
There are 178 reviews on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Resorts nearby photos
There are 183 photos on Tripadvisor for Resorts nearby
Nearest accommodation
2.09 mi
Cat Ba Smile Tours
13 of 1,910
Clear all filters
Reu Island, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 200000,
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
This restaurant was beautiful. From food to
service to outstanding views! This hotel offers a unique experience and we are delighted we got the chance to experience it! The entire experience from arriving at…
Xuan Dam, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Peaceful and remote chalet needed a little
updating but lovely, mosquito nets a must, but after 7pm they seem to disappear, great bar service, breakfast was a let down for me as I don't eat eggs so one piece of...
Nguyen Van Cu Street
Hong Ha
Ha Long 200000,
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Absolutely amazing and beautiful luxury resort
with gorgeous large rooms and incredible views. Great breakfast, great value and incredibly friendly service from the staff and management. Highly rated.
Highest-rated hotel
12 The Men Island
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 187300,
This was an odd experience due to the gradual closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
This was an odd experience due to the gradual
closedown of the area due to the Coronavirus- but so glad we got the chance to visit. Not sure we've ever had such a warm welcome anywhere - Linh was /is such star...
Halong Bay, Tuan Chau Island,
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
The Tuan Chau International Resort is very well
located to visit places such as Crocodile theatre, Dolphin Showing Club and Vietnam Food Garden. The main feature of this resort is the beach which is actually man...
35A, Van Cao
Ngo Quyen
Hai Phong 35000,
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Spacious bedroom Nice bathroom With welcome
fruits No bellboys though, no one to assist you in bringing luggage to the room or getting your luggage from the room Friendly front desk staff Not so good in English...
Hamlet 1, Ha Long, Van Don
Halong Bay,
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
The resort is about 10 minutes (7 km) by
motorcycle taxi east of Cai Rong and 300m off the main road at Bai Dai (Long Beach) on Van Don Island, which is in Bai Tu Long and North East of Halong Bay. It is 1 1/2...
Song Gia Resort Complex, Luu Kiem, Thuy Nguyen District
Hai Phong,
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Very good hotel with great views, very spacious
area. Nice facilities, food and rooms. Very friendly staffs who despite their English not been good, go out of their way to look after you. Away from the CDB and a...
Luu Kiem
Thuy Nguyen
I stayed here for about almost a month and literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
I stayed here for about almost a month and
literally made this resort my second home. The hotel suites were spacious and livable. It almost felt like a very small loft since there was a kitchenette and a small...
Thon H_i Son
Đường Xuyên
Tran Chau, Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
Zone 3, V_n Huong Ward
Do Son, Hai Phong,
Xuan Canh
Song Cau
Tuy Hoa,
Khu 4
Dao Co To,
No.3, Alley 2, Nui Ngoc Street
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
The Hai Binh Hotel is Basic, but the rooms are
clean and provide everything you need including a fridge. The matresses are always relatively hard, compared to the ones, we are used to in europe, but apparently...
224 Mot Thang Tu
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 180000,
We booked a private room with balcony and sea view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...
We booked a private room with balcony and sea
view via a booking engine for 500k VND which is around £16. The hostel also does pod style dorms for around half the price. The hostel is on the sea front right in the...
297 Nui Ngoc
The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia, the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…
The beds are the most comfortable we had in Asia,
the hosts are lovely with good English, breakfast was tasty and the location is convenient. Our only complaints were that the shower pressure was low, and…
41 Nui Ngoc
Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…
Hotel Anh Thuan is the best place to stay in Cat
Ba. Even if there isn't the highest standard of room -it's clean and cosy. The owners of hotel are amazing people, very helpfull, happy and they have a good sense…
51 Nui Ngoc
Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.
Nice quiet hotel with good location. Great staff
going above and beyond to ensure we had a nice stay. Nice and clean. We had a delicious lunch here too. They can help you arrange tours and scooters too.
3, Alley 2 Nui Ngoc Street
Hai Phong, Cat Ba,
A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...
A lovely friendly family run this hotel who are
unfortunately let down by their own place. They are very helpful, kind and always greet you with a smile. On a positive note, the shower is always hot and never runs...
13/2 Du_ng Nui Ng_c
We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...
We had booked the life Hostel for 2 nights. We
thought we wouldn't be able to make it out to the island since the ferries were not operating at the time. I contacted the life Hostel explaining our situation and...
No.180, 1/4 Road
The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff.
The hostel was great, nice Balcony in the room
and rooftop, with delicious drinks and food. The bathroom wasn’t great, but for the price you wouldn’t expect it to be better. We were sad to leave the friendly staff.
16 Nui Ng_c
36 Nui Ng_c
33 Nui Ng_c
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
Very beautiful hotel with the breathtaking view
of the bay. Staff in general are kind and helpful, especially those who work in the breakfast restaurant. Buffet breakfast is rich and more importantly, of high quality
No 2 Alley 1 Nui Ngoc Street
The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great. Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...
The room wasn’t bad. The shower wasn’t great.
Breakfast was appalling, they really phoned that one in. Good location, although most of the hotels in Cat Ba are clustered in the one area. There are better places in...
12 Nui Ngoc 12 Duong Nui Ngoc
I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for 2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...
I booked Good Morning Cat Ba via Booking.com for
2 nights into 1st May (public holiday in Vietnam) and 10hrs later, I received a notification that my booking was cancelled by the hotel. The reason provided by...
No 34, Nui Ngoc Streest
We booked this room based on the good rating on other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...
We booked this room based on the good rating on
other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor...
39 Nui Ngoc Street
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 8431,
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
The room we booked is a twin room. Although the
receptionist said there was 02-way air conditioner, we could not use the hot mode. The meals were not as good as we expected and were not worth the prices.
After 15 months of travelling through Australia and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...
After 15 months of travelling through Australia
and south east Asia I have never encountered such a disgusting welcome at reception. The man at reception immediately set at us after we arrived telling him we owed...
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
