Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
Asia  Vietnam  Da Nang  Da Nang Hotels
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Da Nang  
Da Nang Hotels
A La Carte Da Nang Beach
1,642 reviews
NEW AI Review Summary
#97 of 565 hotels in Da Nang
200 Vo Nguyen Giap Son Tra District, Da Nang Vietnam
Write a review
Check availability
View all photos (1,977)
Traveler
(1581)
Room & Suite
(243)
Pool & Beach
(219)
View prices for your travel dates
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Contact accommodation for availability.
There are similar hotels available.
View all
About
4.5
Excellent
Location
Cleanliness
4.4
Service
4.2
Value
A La Carte is an all-suite hotel with 100% sea view where you can design your own stay to fit your needs and budget. With modern design, casual service and a surprising 'A La Carte' concept, A La Carte Da Nang is the first of its kind in Vietnam - an extended stay hotel providing all services as optional add-ons. A La Carte Da Nang has an unmistakable beach inspired design that links the hotel with the local culture and surroundings.
Suggest edits to improve what we show.
Improve this listing
Property amenities
Parking
Free High Speed Internet (WiFi)
Pool
Fitness Center with Gym / Workout Room
Bar / lounge
Beach
Kids stay free
Children Activities (Kid / Family Friendly)
Show more
Room features
Blackout curtains
Bathrobes
Air conditioning
Housekeeping
Private balcony
Kitchenette
Flatscreen TV
Bidet
Room types
Ocean view
Non-smoking rooms
Suites
Family rooms
Good to know
HOTEL STYLE
Harbor View
Modern
LANGUAGES SPOKEN
Vietnamese
Name/address in local language
Getting there
Great for walkers
Grade: 91 out of 100
91
Da Nang Airport
3.3 mi
•
See all flights
Phu Bai Airport
42.6 mi
See all Da Nang rental cars
See all nearby hotels
86 Restaurants
within 0.3 miles
View on map
Pink Salt Restaurant
76
3 min
$$$$
Seafood
Nem Restaurant
157
2 min
$$ - $$$
Asian
Sky View Restaurant
485
Healthy
My Casa Tapas Bar
1,233
5 min
Italian
See all nearby restaurants
13 Attractions
Sky 21 Bar
619
Bars & Clubs
My Khe Beach
2,649
Beaches
Phuoc My Beach
60
Mystery Bar & Lounge
25
4 min
See all nearby attractions
Reviews
Reviews Summary
This summary was created by AI, based on recent reviews.
Powered by AI
A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel garners praise for its spacious and immaculate rooms, with many guests finding the accommodations both comfortable and clean. While opinions vary, the hotel's proximity to the beach and local dining spots is widely celebrated.

Amenities such as the rooftop pool and diverse breakfast options are popular draws, adding to the hotel's perceived value despite some mentions of extra fees. The attentive and friendly staff contributes to a welcoming atmosphere, although there are occasional notes about noise and loud music.
Beachfront
Atmosphere
Elegant
Rooms
Spacious
Great
Immaculate
Attentive
Amenities
Well-appointed
Was this helpful?
Tripadvisor is not responsible for this summary or any opinions in it. Please read full traveler reviews for more details and information.
1,642
41
Q+A
100
Room tips
Traveler rating
Excellent 919
Very Good 438
Average 178
Poor 62
Terrible 45
Time of year
Mar-May
Jun-Aug
Sep-Nov
Dec-Feb
Traveler type
Families
Couples
Solo
Business
Friends
Language
All languages(1,642)
English(967)
Korean(208)
Chinese (Sim.)(203)
More
Popular mentions
All reviewsinfinity poolbedroom apartmentbreakfast buffetocean viewseafoodlady buddhabeach fronthighly recommend this hotelrooftopspabalconyvietnamkitchenettemassagems
Sort by:
Most Recent
Shooter_nz wrote a review Oct 2019
Bangkok, Thailand141 contributions69 helpful votes
A great hotel to stay at when golfing in Danang, central to all courses and on the beach
Comfortable room, there was construction next door, but didn't hear a thing. Had breakfast on arrive, quick and easy, day two shot down to the deli/cafe downstairs, absolutely brilliant! Watching the pastry team making pastries and breads and was lucky enough to enjoy a sandwich fresh from the oven. The reception team were knowledgeable and very well organised.
Read more
Date of stay: August 2019
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews as part of our industry-leading trust & safety standards. Read our transparency report to learn more.
Helpful
Share
Response from ALCDanangBeach, Manager at A La Carte Da Nang Beach
Responded Oct 15, 2019
Xin chào Shooter_nz, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Your review has made our day! Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review about your recent stay at A La Carte Da Nang Beach hotel. I was delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back to À La Carte again soon. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
This response is the subjective opinion of the management representative and not of Tripadvisor LLC.
Colshorrock wrote a review Oct 2019
Pattaya, Thailand41 contributions34 helpful votes
Noise
Booked direct and have an ocean view suite, the rooms are very nice and well appointed. No mention from the management when booking however that there is a hotel of some sort being built directly next door to the property so during the day the hammering etc can be heard in the room. Nice rooftop pool but no relaxing due to the excessive noise from the building work. Good hotel managers inform potential bookers of such problems during the booking process, but it seems the managment of A La carte feel it is better for guests to find this out after they have paid good money. If you come for peace and quiet to Da Nang, stay well away from this hotel.
Date of stay: October 2019
Responded Oct 14, 2019
Xin chào Colshorrock, First of all, we would like to thank you for choosing us for your stay in Da Nang. We are obviously disappointed that you did not like your stay at À La Carte Da Nang Beach due to near by construction which is out of our hotel control. Your feedback has been shared with relevant management team for review and action. Once again, we appreciate your sharing your concerns, and it is our hope that you will give us the opportunity to better serve you in the near future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
A lot to digest? Read a summary of these reviews, created with our new AI-powered tool.
Take me there
Sammmmie wrote a review Oct 2019
1 contribution
Very nice
I My stay here is very nice. The room was luxury and made me feel com fortable. Staff were is friendly, ms Lien gave me usefull information for my trip. Food and spa is really good. I will come back here if i have a chance
Responded Oct 13, 2019
Xin chào Sammmie1234, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to have your stay with us and happy to know that you had such a nice time with good impression especially impression on Ms. Lien - our Guest Service Agent. Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Mario wrote a review Oct 2019
2 contributions
Good Trip
I and my friend had a wonderful trip at à la carte Da Nang. Hotel is beautiful with sea view, early morning is so noisy. Ms Lien helped me about price of taxi in Da Nang. Thank you. See you again.....
Date of stay: September 2019
Xin chào MarioDuN, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time at our hotel as well as have good impression with our staff especially Ms. Lien. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
CindyEllis wrote a review Oct 2019
Fantastic!!!!
Only stayed here for only one night. Wonderful view and friendly staffs, especially I want to express my big thanks to Ms. Duyen at the Reception desk for her enthusiasm in helping me to find my lost item. Definitely come back here.
Responded Oct 10, 2019
Xin chào CindyEllis4952, Greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for choosing our hotel for your stay and leave us wonderful review on TripAdvisor. We are happy to learn that you enjoyed your stay with us. It’s always a pleasure to have you as our guest. I’ll be sure to share your comments with the rest of the team especially Ms. Duyen from Reception desk. They will be happy to know that their effort has been recognized and appreciated! Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Katrina wrote a review Oct 2019
14 contributions4 helpful votes
+1
Short but amazing!
What a great find! Amazing hotel right next to beach. Room very spacious, clean and comfortable, probably the best shower I have experienced anywhere! Fantastic rooftop bar/restaurant with stunning infinity pool. Breakfast buffet was huge with a wonderful selection. Staff, especially Vuong, extremely helpful - nothing to much trouble. Would stay here again.
Responded Oct 8, 2019
Xin chào 69Pandatravels, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you for taking time to share your experience at A La Carte Danang Beach. How wonderful it is to be received such nice review like yours. Your review has been shared to the whole team to keep them motivated especially Mr. Vuong from Front Office. Once again, thank you for your review and we look forward to welcoming you back with your parents in the not too distant future. Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
hoang a wrote a review Oct 2019
Hanoi, Vietnam8 contributions1 helpful vote
Good place to stay for your holiday
Perfect location, right next to the beach. Staffs are friendly. Mr. Tuan - supervisor is really good at serving my family. He welcomes us with great smile and helping us with necessary information. Highly recommend!
Responded Oct 6, 2019
Xin chào Hoanga82, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! We are truly heartened to receive your generous review on TripAdvisor. Thank you for letting us know how much you enjoyed your stay with us, we are especially pleased that you felt well-looked after by our staff, especially Mr. Tuan. I will pass your compliments to him and be sure that she and the whole team are made aware of your kind words. We look forward to having you with us again in the near future. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Billy P wrote a review Sep 2019
Hai Phong, Vietnam10 contributions3 helpful votes
Thank you for making a warm and happy night
I love A La Carte, this is my third time to stay here. Everything is so nice, I’m just speechless cause it’s perfect. Rightnow, Danang is developing and there are a lot of new hotel but I still choose this Hotel. This girl Has name MAN - waitress from The Top Bar by A La Carte who’s very enthusiastic, easygoing and friendly. Just only one make me feel warm. THANK YOU again! You touch my heart!
Responded Sep 23, 2019
Xin chào Billyp228, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! Thank you very much for taking the time to leave such a lovely review of your stay with us. We are delighted to read that you enjoyed your stay, especially great service from our team and Ms. Han. I hope that we will have the chance to welcome you back again soon! Sincerely, The A La Carte management team.
Ruben Gavrilov wrote a review Sep 2019
Excellent stay
The stuff was really nice all around. Thao on the front reception helped me to organise mini bus to Ba Na Hills, Hoi An and the airport, and the driver Sony was really nice and professional as well. Nice, clean room.
Responded Sep 17, 2019
Xin chào Ruben2701, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach! It is great pleasure to learn that you had such a nice time at our hotel as well as have good impression with our staff especially Ms. Thao and Mr. Sony. We are extremely happy when you found our service turned out to be kind and amazing. Once again, thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
駿太 都築 wrote a review Sep 2019
Awesome hotel!
It was really nice hotel! I was very satisfied with the services they offered. especially Tuan was really nice and kind person! I would definitely stay here longer if I could. Also, if I have a chance to visit Da Nang again, I’m gonna stay here.
Xin chào 駿太 都, Warmest greetings from A La Carte Danang Beach Hotel! It is great pleasure to have your stay with us and happy to know that you had such a nice time with good impression especially impression on Mr. Tuan. Thank you so much for taking time to share us with your positive feedback. It was an honor to be at your service and we look forward to having you with us soon again for your next return to Da Nang. Sincerely, The À La Carte management team.
Previous
Next
1…1011121314…
Not the right property for you?
There are more places to choose from in the Da Nang area.
See all properties
PRICE RANGE
$43 - $65 (Based on Average Rates for a Standard Room)
LOCATION
VietnamDa Nang
NUMBER OF ROOMS
202
Prices are the average nightly price provided by our partners and may not include all taxes and fees. Taxes and fees that are shown are estimates only. Please see our partners for more details.
Is This Your Tripadvisor Listing?
Own or manage this property? Claim your listing for free to respond to reviews, update your profile and much more.
Claim Your Listing
A LA CARTE DA NANG BEACH $44 ($̶1̶4̶4̶) - Prices & Hotel Reviews - Vietnam
View all photos
(1,977)
1 room
2 adults
0 children
3.3
mi
42.6
3
min
2
5
4
919
438
178
62
45
All languages
(1,642)
English
(967)
Korean
(208)
Chinese (Sim.)
(203)
Shooter_nz
Bangkok, Thailand
141 contributions
141
69 helpful votes
69
Date of stay:
transparency report
Colshorrock
Pattaya, Thailand
41 contributions
34 helpful votes
34
Sammmmie
1
Mario
CindyEllis
Katrina
14 contributions
14
4 helpful votes
hoang a
Hanoi, Vietnam
8 contributions
8
1 helpful vote
Billy P
Hai Phong, Vietnam
10 contributions
10
3 helpful votes
Ruben Gavrilov
駿太 都築
…
11
12
13
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
Some photos provided by VFM Leonardo.
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
