Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Lounge
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Lounge in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
19 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Executive Lounge Access
2023
1. Cozy Danang Boutique Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
1,379 reviews
#1 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"There's nothing we can fault during our stay at Cozy. A special thanks to Vu for offering great tips during our stay. The entire staff were amazing and the room, well.......Cozy! So good and the bed was huge..."
"Accomodations are great and cozy. Suitable for family and friends to come visit again. Breakfast buffet are nice and the staffs are very friendly and helpful. Locations are also close to the Dragon Bridge as well..."
2. DLG Hotel Danang
642 reviews
#2 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"I stayed at DLG hotel for 4 nights, the room is very beautiful with sea views. Breakfast was nice with a lots of options. The staff at the lobby very friendly and helpful. I love them and I really love DLG HOTEL. I..."
3. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
814 reviews
#3 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese and..."
4. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#4 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"The spa treatment was so good! Undeniably they are well trained. I chose 30 minutes of head & neck massage and another 30 minutes of full body scrub. Love the smell of coffee and coconut scrub! It was so relaxing..."
5. Minh Toan SAFI Ocean Hotel
289 reviews
#5 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Great place with great views from the room and rooftop. The staff is lovely. I would recommend staying here. Great comfortable beds, good pillows, very clean with great amenities. The location is also great, with..."
6. Intercontinental Danang Sun Peninsula Resort
6,534 reviews
#6 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"We enjoyed a fantastic stay at this sprawling and well-maintained idyllic resort for our first visit to Danang, Vietnam. From the moment we were warmly greeted at the airport, to the Villa on the Rocks with its..."
"We had a few hiccups with our booking as IHG members but was quickly rectified upfront n check in. We decided to celebrate a milestone birthday and it has filler my cup. So grateful for the kindness here. We were..."
Visit hotel website
7. Bay Capital Da Nang Hotel
72 reviews
#7 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"I had a wonderful weekend experience at Capitals Lough with my friends. The drinks there were delicious, the staff were friendly, and I was especially impressed with Zumy, a petite and lovely girl. She opened the..."
"I am extremely impressed with the service and front-desk reception. The staff really go above and beyond to ensure that you are looked after. They are not only well-trained but also kind and sincere. There was one..."
8. Radisson Hotel Danang
345 reviews
#8 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Wonderful property. Beachfront. Beach walk was very enjoyable. Great ambience. Friendly and Courteous staff. Very nice Buffet Breakfast. Sooper drinks on the Skybar - the 21st Floor. Loved the stay. Looking forward..."
9. Khách Sạn Mường Thanh Luxury Sông Hàn
193 reviews
#9 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Loved our stay at this hotel. Excellent service, accommodation and the staff (especially Nhi) was so very helpful. So lovely. Would definitely stay there again. Central to everything . Great walking across the..."
10. Maximilan Danang Beach Hotel
183 reviews
#10 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Couldn't have picked a better hotel in Danang! Great location, the beach is just across the street, lots of restaurant options, and the hotel itself was extremely clean and comfortable! The staff were friendly and..."
11. Luxtery Hotel
#11 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Thanh tam,nauyen diem kindness and good service.here have very kind person so we want to revisit here vietnem is so warm but this hotel serviece is so good and aircorn system is cold so we are so comfortable i want..."
12. Rosetta Hotel & Apartment
18 reviews
#12 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"We stayed a night. We found on the booking.com and decided to book for our trip. The hotel is very cozy and warmest welcome us for late check in. Room is clean and enough amenities that we need. Reception is..."
"Rooms clean and neat, beds where comfortable and everyone working there was extremely friendly and helpful. Good location you can easliy walk to the beach and has a really nice shop next to it, makes it super easy..."
13. CN Palace Boutique Hotel & Spa
19 reviews
#13 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"An absolutely perfect stay in this hotel.All the facilities are new and in modern style.The hotel room was very nice and clean with a city view.The staff were really friendly, kind and helpfull.Very happy choosing..."
"Only stayed here for one night but it was very nice. The room was lovely and the beds were so comfy. Room and bathroom were clean and spacious. Was very impressed with the room. Staff were very friendly. We went..."
14. L'amore Boutique Hotel
49 reviews
#14 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Wonderful stay at the Lamore. We booked Penthouse which was on top floor with private balcony,great room with beautiful view we had a fab breakfast and all staff were friendly and helpful.Beach is very Near,they..."
"this hotel is great for every occation, i don't have enough compliments to say about, i stayed 4 nights and only paid nealy 70$ . highly recommend this hotel, wait for last minute deal and you'll see am i right!"
15. Dolphin Hotel and Apartment
2 reviews
#15 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"We loved our 3-week stay at the Dolphin Hotel. The hotel is immaculate in every way. Our apartment was spacious, with a well-equipped kitchen, large comfortable bed and excellent attractive bathroom. We were on..."
"Small hotel a few blocks away from main streets. Nothing immediately at your front doors but taxi/grab rides are cheap. Rooms are nicely decorated, clean, affordable, and includes an average breakfast. This could..."
16. Tehana Beach Hotel Da Nang
1 review
#16 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
17. The Fish Village Villa
13 reviews
#17 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"Had an amazing time here. Some of the nicest staff I've ever experienced -- friendly, helpful and accommodating. Staff had a lot of personality and always willing to help when we needed it. They helped us find the..."
"Outside the busy and noisy city, though easily reachable by taxi, the brand new hotel is the best you can expect from a family run hotel. Extremely clean & well furnished, it's ideal for those looking to relax..."
18. Abogo
5 reviews
#18 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
"ABOGO TERRIBLE COMPANY THEY DONT REFUND MONEY FOR 30 DAYS BUT THEY TAKE IT IN 2 MINUTES I WILL NEVER USE THIS SERVICE AGAIN WAS USING FOR OVER 30 DAYS SPENT ALOT OF MONEY WITH THE COMPANY BUT NEVER AGAIN"
"The property was different from what was advertised. There were marks on the walls throughout, cracks in the walls, and multiple holes in the decking which was a safety hazard. The hotel management were very..."
19. Abogo Point Resort Villa Pool Golf Da Nang
0 reviews
#19 Best Value of 19 Da Nang Hotels with Lounge
Hotels with Lounge nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Hotels with Lounge
Pattaya
A visit to Pattaya is a wonderful way to explore the beaches along the Gulf of Thailand. Relaxed and family-friendly Jomtien Beach is a hot spot for watersports and seaside massages. The giant Buddha of Wat Khao Phra Bat keeps watch over the city, and the wooden Wang Boran Sanctuary of Truth pays homage to Buddhist and Hindu art and architecture. At night, tons of bars and strip clubs attract an adults-only crowd.
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Penang Island
Famed throughout Asia for its heady mix of eastern cultures, Penang Island is Malaysia’s prime melting pot. Roadside vendors serve some of the world’s best street food; its national parks offer white-sand beaches and wildlife; and UNESCO-listed George Town is full of colorful heritage houses.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Seoul
Seoul is the business and cultural hub of South Korea, where skyscrapers tower over Buddhist temples. Take it all in from the N Seoul Tower, built atop a peak in Namsan Park. The teahouses and shops of Insadong give you a taste of Korean flavor, which you can further experience with a visit to the grounds and museums of Gyeongbokgung. UNESCO World Heritage Site Changdeokgung Palace is a fine example of authentic ancient architecture.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Sydney
Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary Art. The views from the Sydney Tower Eye observatory are epic – use this chance to get to know the layout of the city from high above.
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
No other properties match all your filters.
Clear all filters or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:Hotels & MotelsExecutive Lounge Access
Almanity Hoi An Resort & Spa
2,629 reviews
13.8 miles from Da Nang
#37 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"Hotel was a hidden oasis away from the chaos of the old town, but not too far so it was within short walking / cheap taxi distance away. Special shout out to our driver Vu, who went above and beyond to make sure our..."
"I have returned to my ‘happy place’ and again it does not disappoint. In fact, it exceeded my high expectations. Stepping out of the car I was warmly greeted by the Mr Hung and Mr Hai and without a moments notice..."
Hoi An Holiday Villa
1,045 reviews
14.6 miles from Da Nang
#42 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"The villa is perfect place to relax. It is very quiet and calm. Breakfast is excellent. Bicycles is free for using. Laundry is small fee and returned very good smell. The hotel family is so nice also. Highly..."
Hoi An Rosemary Boutique Hotel & Spa
1,254 reviews
14.7 miles from Da Nang
#67 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"A very plesant stay. The whole Staff was Nice and they All wanted to be very helpfull specially giang, Phu and Mai. The rooms are big og they have everything for a Nice stay. The hotels located in a quiet areal, but..."
Hoi An Blue Sky Boutique Hotel & Spa
177 reviews
#52 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"It is the best place to stay in Hoi An! My boyfriend and I had a great stay for 5 nights and the room looks amazing. They make sure to clean your room and change towels everyday. The staff is so amazing to..."
Nghê Prana Villa & Spa Hoi An
173 reviews
15.2 miles from Da Nang
#30 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"The staff were fantastic start to finish. So helpful, knowledgeable, and caring. Lovely environment. Beautiful views. Good spa. Nice food. Nice patio and small pool. Great breakfast with room. Bikes provided. Easy..."
Best Seller
Hotel Royal Hoi An - MGallery
1,826 reviews
14.0 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 3 hotels in Cam Pho
"My wife and I had an excellent 4 day stay at the Hotel Royal. We were so well treated by all staff, to the point we were missing some of them as we moved on to Hanoi. Special mention to Quynh Phan, who went above..."
Top Rated
Bliss Hoi An Beach Resort & Wellness
533 reviews
23.6 miles from Da Nang
#1 of 8 hotels in Binh Minh
"Apart from the 30 minutes distance to the city, this hotel has everything you need. A breakfast with a lot of variety, spacious rooms, friendly staff (our contact was Phu and she was really nice to us) and an..."
"We had a very good stay. Our Room was very nice and we enjoyed the view from our balcony The Stuff ist very helpfull and friendly. I specially wan t to mention Mrs Phuong from the reception. She did a very good..."
Amina Lantana Hotel Hoi An
150 reviews
#26 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"This was my favourite hotel of entire Vietnam trip, it was 5 star and excellent front desk service, they even arranged a private car transfer to Da Nang and look after my luggage whilst I sight see. Being new hotel..."
May's House
14 reviews
#238 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"It’s like having your own HOME in Hoi An! I really enjoyed my stay here. The room was perfect for 1 person, if you are traveling solo. The location is amazing — quiet, safe, and close enough to walk into Old Town..."
"Simple but nice hotel. It's located just outside the real touristic part of Hoi An which is perfect, you can walk there easily within a couple of minutes and also in the area of the hotel there are more then enough..."
Gioan Boutique Villa
11 reviews
#244 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"I recently stayed here and would definitely recommend it to others. My room was large and clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful - arranged some great tours for me, recommended a tailor, etc. Although..."
"Clean, good air con, lovely family running the villa - so friendly and helpful. Quick replies to messages and very organized for getting our laundry done quickly and booking tours for us. Clean pool. Breakfast at..."
CHiEM HoiAn - The Beachside Boutique Hotel & Villa
12.5 miles from Da Nang
#197 of 482 hotels in Hoi An
"We stayed a couple of nights here and had a fantastic time. The hotel is just 30 m from the beach which is stunning, they provide beach towels for guests, no charge. The Hotel itself is light and airy large doors..."
"We stayed at this beautiful hotel 4 nights and it was the best hotel we had on our whole trip. Thanks to Sarah, Chloe and all the rest of the staff - they were amazing and made our stay absolutely perfect. And I..."
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Lounge information
Hotels with Lounge Da Nang
19
Hotels with Lounge Prices From
$11
Hotels with Lounge Reviews
14,188
Hotels with Lounge Photos
18,936
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with lounge
What are the best hotels with lounge near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with lounge in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with lounge are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with lounge in Da Nang?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with lounge in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
19 of 2601
or view Tripadvisor's suggestions below:
Matches:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
