Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Halong Bay
View map
Hotels near Halong Bay
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Halong Bay Vietnam
Read Reviews of Halong Bay
Popular
5 stars
12
72
Breakfast included
89
Luxury
24
Property types
Resorts
Motels
B&Bs & Inns
+135
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
134
Pool
55
Free parking
110
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
129
163
174
Hotel class
4 stars
26
3 stars
19
2 stars
8
Style
Budget
21
Mid-range
54
Family-friendly
37
Show more
Brands
Wyndham
2
Sheraton
MGallery Hotel Collection
1
OYO
770 of 1,876 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Halong Bay

31. Wyndham Legend Halong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
366 reviews
No.12 Ha Long Street | Bãi Cháy, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
13.5 miles from Halong Bay
#31 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .”
2023
32. Halong Plaza Hotel
729 reviews
8 Halong Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#32 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...”
33. Hotel Soleil Ha Long, Trademark Collection by Wyndham
25 reviews
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street, Ha Long 20000, Vietnam
13.9 miles from Halong Bay
#33 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...”
34. Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#34 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
35. Vincent Halong Hotel
5 reviews
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long | Phường Bãi Cháy, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
13.6 miles from Halong Bay
#35 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...”
36. Pusan Halong Hotel
17 reviews
46 Ha Long, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#36 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...”
37. Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
72 reviews
H_ Long Area 2, Halong Bay 01100, Vietnam
14.0 miles from Halong Bay
#37 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...”
38. Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
165 reviews
Ha Long Street | Block 1, Area 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#38 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...”
39. Dragon Legend Hotel
4 reviews
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#39 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…”
40. Alibaba's Hotel
6 reviews
229 Cai Beo, Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000, Vietnam
#40 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...”
41. Muờng Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#41 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...”
42. Halong Spring Hotel
12 reviews
10 Ha Long Road | Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#42 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...”
43. D’Lioro Hotel & Resort
42 reviews
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill | Bai Chay Ward, Ha Long 200000, Vietnam
#43 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…”
44. Ivy Hotel
3 reviews
18, Ngo Dao, Ha Long 10000, Vietnam
#44 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
45. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
1 review
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#45 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...”
46. Dung Lai Hotel 173
15 reviews
173 Cai Beo, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406, Vietnam
14.1 miles from Halong Bay
#46 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...”
47. Bai Chay Panda Hotel
62 Anh Dao T_ 8 | Khu 2, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033, Vietnam
#47 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...”
48. Halong Cheers Hotel
38 reviews
88A Vuon Dao, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#48 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...”
49. Halong Green Homestay
2 reviews
01 Vuon Dao, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#49 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...”
50. Seasun Hotel Ha Long
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#50 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…”
51. Ha Long 3 Hotel
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#51 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...”
52. Heritage Halong Hotel
70 reviews
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#52 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…”
53. Halong Dream Hotel
48 reviews
No 10 Halong Road, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#53 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...”
54. New Sun Hotel Ha Long
43c Anh Dao | Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#54 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
55. Khach San Ngoc Lan Ha Long Hotel
290 Vuon Dao, Ha Long, Vietnam
#55 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...”
56. Asean Halong Hotel
60 reviews
Hau Can Road, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#56 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...”
57. Ngoc Lan Hotel
94 Cai Lan, Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000, Vietnam
#57 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...”
58. Prosperity Hotel
79 Ha Long, Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
13.7 miles from Halong Bay
#58 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...”
59. Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#59 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite. ”
60. Asean Hai Ngoc Hotel
10 reviews
Hai Quan Crossroads | Vuon Dao - Bai Chay, Halong Bay, Vietnam
#60 Best Value of 1,876 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...”
Previous
Next
123456…
770 of 1,876 properties
Clear all filters
No.12 Ha Long Street
Bãi Cháy
Halong Bay 200000,
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and
beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon .
8 Halong Road
Bai Chay, Halong Bay,
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from
our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional...
52 - 54 HA Long Road Bai Chay Street
Ha Long 20000,
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
The staff took all of our requests seriously, in
the smallest matter. We could feel that they really cared for us. Customer service was great, which is the main reason we want to come back next time for our future...
10 Ha Long Road
Bai Chay Ward
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 200000,
S_ 44, Khu 1, Du_ng H_ Long
Phường Bãi Cháy
Ha Long 200000,
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
We enjoyed our short stay in this hotel. Staff
was very nice specially Front Office Receptionist who made our stay comfortable and chef who prepared vegetarian food specially veg. curry for us. Location is prime...
46 Ha Long
it is good choice for you - front of sun world complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
it is good choice for you - front of sun world
complex , nice view from my room. The reception is warm and quick , room decor is elegant , the staffs are helpfull - nearby is good seafood restaurant Hong Hanh - i...
H_ Long Area 2
Halong Bay 01100,
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is
wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and...
Ha Long Street
Block 1, Area 2
Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
Excellent location. You're in the center of town
and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical...
To 9, Khu 9, Phuong Bai Chay
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
Beautiful, new, clean very upscale hotel. The
staff are exceptional and go out of their way to help you and provide you with anything you need! This hotel actually appears to be a five star more than 4 star…
229 Cai Beo
Cat Ba Town, Hai Phong, Cat Ba 04000,
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
I had the pleasure of being at the Alibaba Hotel
for the second time in the last 5 years. The hotel is in a lovely bay from where you can go on excursions. It is also 3 minutes by scooter from the city centre...
Khu 2, Du_ng H_ Long
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our
stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with...
Halong Bay,
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
We stayed here just 1 night since we book a tour
from Hanoi. This is 4 stars hotel and we did pay much money on the room than we pay for the tour. The room and hotel is very nice and clean. The service was...
Hai Quan Street, Zone 4, Hau Can Hill
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
I had a chance to travel to Viet Nam a few months
ago. I chose D'lioro as a place to rest. I have to say this hotel is amazing. I love the way they decorated the room. The service staffs are very dedicated…
18, Ngo Dao
Ha Long 10000,
62 Anh Dao, Bai Chay
Halong Bay 02033,
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
We needed an inexpensive hotel for a one night
stay before our Halong Bay cruise. I have no idea how my spouse found this place but it was a great find. Located in a local neighborhood but close to shops, a great...
173 Cai Beo
Hai Phong, Cat Ba 05406,
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
It's a hotel a little bit outside of the main
town in cat ba. The staff is very lovely and helpful. The breakfast (pancakes!) was outstanding. Our room was very clean and we had lots of space with a nice view...
62 Anh Dao T_ 8
Khu 2
Bai Chay, Halong Bay 02033,
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
Affordable prices for good rooms. Friendly and
helpful staff especially Han from sale department, he arranged good tours for me to everywhere, can't thank enough. Rooms are clean and tidy. Tasty buffet breakfast...
88A Vuon Dao
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
The people working at Cheers Hostel couldn't be
any nicer! I originally arrived at their other hostel (happy hostel) after a very long and eventful motorbike ride from Hanoi. The welcomed me by sharing their food...
01 Vuon Dao
This place was tricky to find. You have to go down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
This place was tricky to find. You have to go
down a very narrow alleyway which adjoins a construction zone. The room appeared to be clean at first glance but when I looked closer it was evident it had not been...
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
A nice hotel. Very clean and nice rooms. The
showers fantastic. The owners are helpful and inform you and help with buses tours etc. It’s in the part of town on the west side , so much quieter than the east…
Ha Long Rd., Quang Ninh,
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
Ok hotel, get what you pay for, staff greeted us
with a cold towel, we arrived early but they managed to get us a room early. Rooms were clean, spacious, kettle, tea and coffee, hairdryer and fridge. Wifi...
88 Ha Long Road, Bai Chay Beach
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
Used to be one of the better hotel in halong bay
in the early days but is kind of old n run down now. The room is still above average n comfortable but the noise from the pub opposite the road is something you…
No 10 Halong Road
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
We stayed here for 1 night as part of an escorted
Wendy Wu tour. This was a last minute change due to bad weather conditions in Halong Bay. The hotel is large and impressive and well located for most activities in...
43c Anh Dao
Căn E421 Sun Plaza Grand World Đường Hạ Long
290 Vuon Dao
Ha Long,
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
I have 5 nights stay in this hotel, room is
spacy, staffs are friendly and helpful Hotel is located in a quiet place, my rooms have a nice city view Need to walk for 10 mins to the Anh Dao stress which has more...
Hau Can Road
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
Okay so this place is kinda of a place that you
really want to stay for a night. You don’t want to stay here more than one night. Like I just quickly read a couple of reviews about this place and it’s mostly about...
94 Cai Lan
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel
staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we...
79 Ha Long
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
I got scammed through Expedia, I booked and
already paid for my room, but when we arrived at the hotel the receptionist tells us that there are no rooms available, and that they don’t use Expedia since 2 years ago...
Group 1, Area 2, Bai Chay Ward
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
Close to the amusement park in Ha Long. The
property was mostly vacant during my one-night stay. Average amenities. A little bit off the beaten path if you’re looking to soak in a lot or even grab a quick bite.
Hai Quan Crossroads
Vuon Dao - Bai Chay
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
I and my wife stayed here for 2 nites as part of
a tour. The tour guide said that this hotel quite good, and i also think that because it's a 3 star hotel. But... The room was so bad, just have a CRT TV, not LCD...
3
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
