Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsCheap Hotels in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Discount Hotels in Halong Bay
Cheap Hotels in Halong Bay
Comfy stays at affordable prices, with plenty of options in popular neighborhoods.
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Cheap
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Cheap
2023
Halong Plaza Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
729 reviews
2.0 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Lovely hotel, excellent services, great view from our room to Halong Bay. Good location, you can go to the beach by taxi or ecar My family had a great time at this hotel, all staffs were friendly and professional..."
Halong Seoul Hotel
13 reviews
In Halong Bay
#37 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed here for one night, arriving from sapa before boarding a cruise of Ha Long Bay the next morning. The room was lovely, really comfortable and very clean. We added breakfast thinking it would just be good to..."
"This was also a wonderful hotel and all the staff we came in contact with could not do enough for us from stepping out of the Taxi to reception and to our room. I can recommend this Hotel to all my friends and..."
Ngoc Lan Hotel
2 reviews
1.3 miles from Halong Bay
#28 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I want to say thanks so much to hotel & hotel staffs, they always support us during the whole trip. Clean room, breath air, delicious food, it makes us feel so happy when stay here. Surely, we will stay here if we..."
Matches:Cheap
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Starlight Hotel
31 reviews
#10 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Super easy stay here and the staff were amazingly helpful booking a day cruise of Halong bay just the night before including hotel pick up and transfers and it was a really great tour!! The room was ok- if you want..."
"The bed was comfortable, the room small but well-furnished. A/C needed to be set lower than 25° C in order not to sweat all night. For the price, we would have given 5/5 except for two things. One, hotel advertises..."
H81 Hotel
15 reviews
#19 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Decent and clean accommodation in a busy part of town. The room had air con, en suite bathroom with shower amenities. Plenty of eating options around the hotel. Small convenience store and pharmacy nearby. Good for..."
"cheap clean, really hard bed, centre of town, Wi fi a little slow, air con Fridge. We decided instead of booking the cruise from Hanoi we would travel down on the bus book a cheap mini hotel for a couple of nights..."
Linh Dan Hotel
12 reviews
#18 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Checked in here for two nights during our trip to Halong Bay. Overall, an enjoyable stay. A lovely clean and spacious room complete with everything you need including free toiletries! Had no hassle with the room at..."
"we are looking for a right place location is near the beach , night market , bai chay beach , ha long wharf and decided to stay in Linh Dan , the price is reasonable , room are clean and large services is good..."
Le Coq Hotel
1 review
#41 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Hotel Bai Tu Long
#44 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Phuong Vi Hotel
#29 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"I bought the tour from this company to Halong Bay including transferring to Hanoi with private van. I paid by credit card she charge 4% I was ok with that, but we I got back to the Hotel I noticed she charge me more..."
"Don't use this place to book a tour, you will not get what you paid for. We paid for a private 16 seater to take us to Hanoi, a larger bus turned up. The driver said he was going to pick up 5 more people. We said no..."
The Light Hotel
275 reviews
#1 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Beds are very comfortable and the showers are lovely I would highly recommend this place as it’s cheap But offers everything you need."
"Cheap beer at reception is also a huge bonus!"
More reviews
Alex Hotel
87 reviews
1.4 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 46 Specialty lodging in Bai Chay
"We stayed at Alex hostel for 2 nights to do the ha long bay day cruise, Alex helped us to book the trip, gave us a free drink on arrival and water for the day we left. He helped us book a bus to ninh binh a few..."
"We are the families with kids and our kids want to visit the Sun World Halong park. The hotel is located less than 5mins walk from the amusement park. Have good wifi and hot shower. Free breakfast of bread, eggs and..."
Viethouse Lodge
3.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 10 B&Bs / Inns in Tuan Chau Island
"A large place, space and recreation, quiet and romantic. A beautiful location for a corner overlooking Halong Bay. There is a swimming pool to relax. The restaurant - style Asian, wide area. With my opinion the..."
"The room had a great view of Halong Bay. The owner of the hotel was very friendly and helpful. We had clean room with hot water and tv. The bar was well equipped. The food was great. Well served. The lady owner of..."
Best Seller
Citadines Marina Halong
127 reviews
#1 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Nice place to stay. Everything here looks new and tidy. The room is also big enough!!!!! The staff here are also nice and helpful. Some of them can speak Chinese!!!!! It’s easier to communicate. Especially one staff..."
"OK，nice stay，very nice to meet Trisha and Joy. Staff in the hotel are very friendly。The daily necessities in the room are very complete. I feel like home. Thank you very much Ms. Trisha and Joy..."
Paradise Suites Hotel
948 reviews
4.0 miles from Halong Bay
#1 of 24 hotels in Tuan Chau Island
"Recommend this hotel so highly. We have had some poor experiences in Vietnam where the reviews were not honest. This hotel however was fabulous. Bedrooms were spacious, the beds were large and so comfy. Linen and..."
DeLaSea Ha Long Hotel
114 reviews
#3 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"This hotel is fantastic. Our check in was seamless. The complimentary tea was very good and the staff are very kind and helpful. The room is very clean and up to date. The food and service in the restaurant were..."
"Honestly, this hotel provides very good service, especially the attitude of the receptionist. extremely friendly and helpful. I was provided with all information about the Ha Long Bay tour and booked a car to the..."
Visit hotel website
Vinpearl Resort & Spa Ha Long
1,230 reviews
#5 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Great time at Hạ Long Vinpearl hotels &Resorts, in a good location, beach front, ocean view, excellent servive, more options full buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. My room ocean view, it is beautiful view, I love..."
"The Pavilion Restaurant - Anh Dung and Ngan Giant were Amazing at serving ,and the Food was GREAT ! The atmosphere was Great , Beautiful Restaurant. I would recommend this restaurant for the entire family or..."
Top Rated
Mường Thanh Luxury Hạ Long Centre Hotel
205 reviews
#1 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"We travel from Australia, we really enjoyed our stay in Muong Thanh Luxury Hotel. Excellent location, very clean with ocean view great communication and services from staff. Especially Huyen provided us with..."
"Very beautiful views from the room and also from the restaurant. The pool looked amazing but we didn’t go in since we went in winter, but I would love to come back in summer to try it out. They were also very..."
Oakwood Ha Long
100 reviews
#3 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"I organized, with the help of Huyen, the most amazing dinner party for my mother in law’s 60th birthday at the Premier Village Hall Long Bay Resort. This was a total 5 star experience: Huyen made the party..."
"The Villa is large, comfy, and very homie for me and my family. Food in Breakfast are excellent and super fresh. The taste is also delightfull, one of the best hotel breakfast i’ve ever had. Wi-Fi is a little..."
Novotel Ha Long Bay
1,150 reviews
#9 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed two nights at Novotel and although the hotel is missing some charme the staff does not. As we experienced a very friedly service at the reception by Mrs. Hong. She privided us with all information and..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Ha Long Residence
70 reviews
#8 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"The service at Muong Thanh Ha Long Residence is wonderful to us. We stayed here for 2 nights to explore Ha Long Bay and local. They provided breakfast buffets with variety of asian food like Banh Cuon, pho and..."
"The room is spacious, clean and the hotel itself is also very nice. Although they could varies the buffet food choices more for a better experience. The staff are very helpful with all of our concerns and we had a..."
Wyndham Legend Halong
365 reviews
#10 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Nice hotel with good view , room was clean and beautiful, breakfast was delicious. Staff was very friendly and helpful . Recommend to book room with view. Halong bay was beautiful. I will come back soon ."
Royal Lotus Hotel Halong
383 reviews
#11 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"We stayed at this hotel for 1 night as part of the Gate1Travel group of Vietnam. The hotel was clean and had all the amenities for a comfortable stay. However, we were not able to check out the roof top bar due to..."
"Stayed at the Royal Lotus for our visit to Halong Bay and the hotel is well located rooms are comfortable. The roof top bar has great views and a good atmosphere. The public restaurant food was passable but..."
Royal Halong Hotel
161 reviews
1.0 miles from Halong Bay
#4 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Thankyou to all of the staff for a lovely stay , the staff are happy to help at any moment, and me room was clean and always well stocked , and there was always hot water to fill a bath , I only had breakfast here..."
Merit Halong Hotel
49 reviews
1.2 miles from Halong Bay
#2 of 7 hotels in Hung Thang
"Stayed for 1 night. The place was nice and clean. Room was super big and comfortable. Staff were great too. WiFi available and stable. Could not find any faults with this place. Price was definitely worth it."
"This was our first stop on our two week vietnam trip . FIrstly Dung and his staff welcomed us with a smile making u feel very at home . We were very impressed with the standard of accommodation, the bed is huge..."
Muong Thanh Grand Bai Chay Hotel
36 reviews
#5 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Cuong at the front desk was especially helpful and nice. All staff that I came into contact with were very pleasant and friendly. I really liked the decor and the location was pretty good, especially if you don't..."
"The view was great from my room... Room was clean and comfortable.... The staff was helpful and kindly... Breakfast buffet had some good options... I would recommend this to any travellers thinking of staying in Ha..."
Saigon Halong Hotel
350 reviews
#18 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Pros: Huge rooms Views of Halong Bay and City Feels updated and modern Decent location, could be closer to activity to east Panorama Restaurant- views and food quality Cons: Hard mattresses...a surprise considering"
Ha Long Dream Hotel
21 reviews
#7 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
Ha Long DC Hotel
150 reviews
#19 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"Clean and comfortable hotel. View on the bay is excellent. Litle bit far from boat tour departure but Grab can bring you there for 195k and 20 minutes. Food can be cheaper around there than the main tourist area of..."
Muong Thanh Luxury Quang Ninh Hotel
164 reviews
#6 of 88 hotels in Bai Chay
"Excellent location. You're in the center of town and, as a result, within walking distance to many restaurants and Sun World. The hotel is slightly dated. I could see some wear on the room. Multiple electrical..."
Hera Hotel
#20 of 195 hotels in Halong Bay
"My lovely wife and I spent two nights in this hotel when visiting Halong Bay. It's located a few minutes walk from where the bus drops you off in Bai Chay, a short taxi ride from the heart of the action. We took a..."
"I was looking for a hotel that was within walking distance from the Railway station. I found the hotel to be convenient to the station and the city. I had large room with a view toward the mountains. very clean and..."
Popular destinations for Cheap Hotels
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Read more
Singapore
The Singapore cityscape looks like it was ripped from the pages of a science fiction comic book. If you’re hungry for a true Singapore experience, sample the myriad street foods or take a cultural cooking class. The Botanic Gardens and the Gardens By the Bay offer a slice of horticultural heaven, and the observation deck of the Sands SkyPark makes you feel like you’re high above the clouds. The banks and walkways along the Singapore River bustle with local activity.
Lahore
Packed with historic landmarks, bustling eateries, and manicured parks, the vibrant city of Lahore exudes culture at every corner. From soaring minarets and colorful facades to street-level stalls selling flavorful Punjabi favorites, the increasingly cosmopolitan city radiates with energy.
Tokyo
Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch the lively fish auction at the Toyosu Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River. Spend some time in the beautiful East Gardens of the Imperial Palace, then brush up on your Japanese history at the Edo-Tokyo Museum. Don’t forget to eat as much sushi, udon noodles, and wagashi (Japanese sweets) as your belly can handle.
Dubai
Dubai is a destination that mixes modern culture with history, adventure with world-class shopping and entertainment. Catch a show at the Dubai Opera, see downtown from atop the Burj Khalifa and spend an afternoon along Dubai Creek exploring the gold, textile and spice souks. If you’re looking for thrills, you can float above the desert dunes in a hot air balloon, climb aboard a high-speed ride at IMG Worlds of Adventure or skydive over the Palm Jumeirah.
Doha
The shining jewel of Qatar, Doha is a multicultural city, home to most of the country's population as well as expatriate communities from a range of origins. Shopping abounds in the city's plentiful malls, while the Corniche impresses visitors with picturesque architecture and dazzling views of the harbor. Doha boasts myriad cultural facilities, including the futuristic Education City and the National Museum.
Medina
One of Islam’s most holy cities, Medina, is a sprawl of minarets and shops wrapped around the landmark, the Prophet’s Mosque. Like the rest of central Medina, it’s for Muslims only and is surrounded by plenty of hotels and eateries to welcome the pilgrimage crowd.
Mecca
The prophet Mohammed's birthplace is Islam's spiritual center and is strictly off-limits to non-Muslims. The pillars of Islam state that all Muslims with the means must undertake Hajj, a pilgrimage to Mecca, once in their lifetime. Those who visit the holy city are rewarded not just by proximity to landmarks and religious sites crucial to the religion, such as the Masjid Al Haram (Holy Mosque), the Mountain of Light, the Black Stone and the Well of Zamzam, but with the forgiveness of all their sins.
Cox's Bazar
Nanto
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Complimentary Breakfast
Hotels with Kitchenette
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about cheap hotels
What are the best cheap hotels near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best cheap hotels in Halong Bay?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have free parking?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have air conditioning?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a restaurant on-site?
What are some popular cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have a family room?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay have laundry service?
Which cheap hotels in Halong Bay have a bar or lounge on-site?
Do any cheap hotels in Halong Bay offer room service?
What are some cheap hotels in Halong Bay that have dry cleaning services?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Beds are very comfortable and the showers are lovely I would highly recommend this place as it’s cheap But offers everything you need.
Beds are very comfortable and the showers are lovely I would highly recommend this place as it’s
cheap
But offers everything you need.
Cheap beer at reception is also a huge bonus!
Cheap beer
at reception is also a huge bonus!
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
