Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayHalong Bay HotelsHalong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
THE 5 BEST Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Halong Bay Hotels With Indoor Pools
Why worry about the weather when you can enjoy pool time anytime?
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Specialty lodgings
Lodges
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Indoor pool
Free Wifi
Pool
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Paradise Cruises
Indochina Junk
Bhaya Cruises
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
Novotel
Citadines Apart Hotel
Wyndham
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Missing:Hotels & MotelsIndoor pool
Son Ha Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
0 reviews
In Halong Bay
Minh Chau Motel
Vinh Xanh Hotel
Minh Hai Sail Tea
Villa Gia An
2 reviews
#30 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"I visited the hotell for one night together with my daughter. The hotell is very nice and clean. The best of all, we have never seen such a friendly service at a hotel before. We went back to Hanoi with a..."
"My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days over Christmas. The couple who run the hotel are so welcoming :) and cooked us lovely Vietnamese food on the balcony!!The rooms are spotless and stunning!Would highly..."
1001 Nights Hotel
5 reviews
#40 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"It was good to find a hostel in a reasonable price that has double bed for couples. i liked it because its near to park, super market. breakfast is also available there. easy to catch buses for the beach."
"I regret not reading reviews of this place before staying here. I only stayed one night which was by far long enough. We didn't plan to stay in Halong City so we quickly had to book somewhere to stay last minute and..."
Cultural Centre Theatre Guesthouse
Queen Hotel
Linh Dan Hotel
12 reviews
#18 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Checked in here for two nights during our trip to Halong Bay. Overall, an enjoyable stay. A lovely clean and spacious room complete with everything you need including free toiletries! Had no hassle with the room at..."
"we are looking for a right place location is near the beach , night market , bai chay beach , ha long wharf and decided to stay in Linh Dan , the price is reasonable , room are clean and large services is good..."
Otoke Homestay
1 review
#30 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We stayed only 1 night in Otoke home stay and where surprised by the owners. This place is brand new, clean and looks modern, has a bar and served a delicious breakfast in the morning. The price is good, I would..."
Hiep Dung Hotel
Hoai Huong Hotel
3 reviews
#55 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Hotel room was fairly average, AC worked and wifi was ok but not sure the bed sheets were clean and bathroom very basic. No one at the hotel speaks any English at all, not even questions like 'how much does this..."
"My friends and I booked a 4 day, 3 night Halong and Hanoi package/tour and the first night we were staying in this hotel. I understand that I speak minimal Vietnamese, and they speak a slightly different dialect..."
1001 Nights Hotel - 27 Huong Tram
4 reviews
#13 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Stayed here for 5 nights and were warmly welcomed by the staff, we were given a room with a beautiful view overlooking the bay. Very clean with good facilities as well. The owner was very kind and even gave us a..."
"Stayed here for our time in Halong. Owner assisted in setting up a tour trip of the bay, transportation from hotel back up to hanoi, transportation while staying there, had great recommendation for food nearby, even..."
Victoria Hotel
#58 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"DO NOT STAY HERE, HIDDEN CAMERAS IN THE ROOMS. As we were checking out we caught a glimpse of the managers phone. He had multiple hidden cameras in our room including the bathroom. This place needs to be shut down."
Huong Sen Hotel
Golden Lotus Halong Hotel
Hong Minh Ha Long Hotel
#57 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"Awful smell, the builgind obviously has a serious problem with mold! The room was big and clean enough, bed was ok, sheets were clean and they have hot water. Wifi was useless. The hotel is good only for a one night..."
"We only ended up at the Hong Minh as we were on a cheap coach tour booked through a travel agent in China (my wife is Chinese). An awful hotel, to be avoided at all costs. The place was not helped by the fact..."
Le Coq Hotel
#41 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Song Loc Hotel
#54 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Local 4 star. In general, up to 4 star standard. The breakfast could be better especially provide more items for vegetarian. Suggest the egg station to be in the kitchen or open air area to avoid strong smell after..."
"Walk into the lobby and go wow. Even the room was modern, neat and tidy though the view poor. But it was the hotel restaurant that really let it down. Description on menu bore no correlation to food served. For..."
Sky Hotel
Bambou Hotel
#28 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Nam Dung Motel
Little Venus Hotel
Chieu Duong Guest House
#52 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
Don Hien 2B Hotel
#43 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"We were there to explore Ha Long bay. This hotel is quite good for us. All we need is where we can sleep after a long day go around the bay. We prefer to save money for other more exciting activities."
Hai Trang Hotel
Thai Hung Hotel
#60 of 147 Specialty lodging in Halong Bay
"Please avoid this hotel. I booked rooms for my family but once arrived, they said there was no rooms for my family of 10 and they did not care about us at all. The IDIOT staff did nothing and we had to leave in..."
Van Ly Hotel
Hoang Anh Hotel
#67 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
"I booked 4 nights in this hovel, after travelling all day, I arrived tired and hungry, they pretended they didn't know anything about the booking and a disheveled excuse for a man told me to go away I didn't book..."
"Upon our arrival, a lady at the desk knew nothing about our reservation, even a confirmation from Expedia did not seem to convince her, she even told us that we missed our reservation date. Then things got worse..."
Kim Tien Hotel
#51 of 132 B&Bs / Inns in Halong Bay
Popular destinations for Hotels With Indoor Pools
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Chiang Mai
You could spend your whole Chiang Mai vacation exploring the famous Night Bazaar. Once you’ve exhausted the art of the cheerful haggle, however, there’s plenty more to explore. The National Museum and Botanic Garden are great places to soak up some local culture and to breathe in the delicate fragrance of Thai orchids. In the city’s center, the remains of ancient walls embrace over 30 temples. Limber travelers can climb 300 stairs to Wat Phrathat Doi Suthep, an ornate Buddhist temple in the hills.
Taipei
You can eat very well—and very cheaply—in Taipei. The restaurants may not look posh, but the quality of the food is superlative. And there’s a huge variety of restaurants—in addition to local Taiwanese specialties, you’ll find regional cuisines from all over China, as well as great Indian, Japanese and even Italian options. Just make sure to leave some room for snacks—street-vendor food here is addictive.
Kuala Lumpur
The cultural hub of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur is visually defined by the iconic Petronas Twin Towers, which, at 88 stories high, are the tallest twin buildings in the world and a vision of modern architecture. On the flip side, the Sri Mahamariamman is the oldest Hindu temple in Malaysia, its façade a colorful totem pole of iconography. Shopping at the Central Market is a joyful experience that involves haggling, handicrafts, and happiness.
New Delhi
New Delhi is all at once chaotic and calm, a complicated city where cows often wander the shanty-lined streets. The 17th century Red Fort is a mass of domes and turrets, while Chandni Chowk is an exercise in friendly haggling. Jantar Mantar features larger-than-life sundials and astronomical instruments that are still used to predict the weather. Travelers and locals flock to the India Gate, the national monument of India that honors the soldiers who died in World War I and the Third Afghan War.
Bali
Bali is a living postcard, an Indonesian paradise that feels like a fantasy. Soak up the sun on a stretch of fine white sand, or commune with the tropical creatures as you dive along coral ridges or the colorful wreck of a WWII war ship. On shore, the lush jungle shelters stone temples and mischievous monkeys. The “artistic capital” of Ubud is the perfect place to see a cultural dance performance, take a batik or silver-smithing workshop, or invigorate your mind and body in a yoga class.
Muscat
Strung below craggy mountains, the Omani capital of Muscat is one of the Middle East’s oldest and most picturesque cities. Between its corniches and modern quarter are Portuguese-built forts, blue-domed mosques, royal palaces, and souks, all heavy with the sense of a lost Arabia.
Cappadocia
Lying in south central Turkey, the moonscaped region of Cappadocia, southeast of Ankara, is most famous for unique geological features called fairy chimneys. The large, cone-like formations were created over time by erosion of the relatively soft volcanic ash around them. Past cultures have dug into them to create dwellings, castles (like Uchisar) and even entire underground cities like Kaymakli and Derinkuyu, used as hiding places by early Christians. Nearby Kayseri is the gateway to the area.
Bucharest
Vlad the Impaler stated his claim to Bucharest in 1459. His citadel on the Dambovita was the first of flotillas of palaces, many of which still stand. Four subway lines and a modern bus network transport visitors and commuters. Nicknamed "Little Paris", Bucharest's elegant early 20th-century architecture shows French influences. Don't miss the Village Museum, Romanian Athenaeum and the Peasant Museum. You can't miss the Palace of Parliament, the second-largest building in the world (after the Pentagon).
Popular Halong Bay Categories
Hotels with Hot Tubs
Spa Hotels
Beach Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with Shuttle
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Family Resorts
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Private Beach
1
…
8
9
10
11
12
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with indoor pools
What are the best hotels with indoor pools near Bai Tu Long Bay?
What are the best hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer a gym?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay are good for families?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have free parking?
Do any hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer kids activities?
What are some hotels with indoor pools in Halong Bay that offer a sauna?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
2
3
4
5
6
7
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
