Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hai Phong
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamHai PhongHai Phong HotelsHai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong
Hai Phong Hotels with Allergy-free rooms
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Free Wifi
& up
Family-friendly
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Breakfast included
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
Cat Ba Ventures
Orchid Cruises
Cat Ba Green Trail Travel
Cat Ba Island
Traveler rating
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Luxury
Brands
Home Care Hotels
MGallery Hotel Collection
Melia
Mercure
Here are properties that match some of your filters.
Sort by:
Best Value
Hotels & Motels
Allergy-free Room
Matches:Allergy-free Room
Missing:Hotels & Motels
Leu Vit Homestay Hai Phong
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
6 reviews
0.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"We had a fantastic stay here, so good we had to extend it. The room was just like the photos; very clean with everything you need. Check in/out was super easy and the location great. Very little noise from the road..."
"First, please read my review. As soon as I entered the room, I asked for a refund. The reason is that the toilet smells so bad. If you really want to make a reservation, get the biggest room. But I don't recommend..."
Orchid Hotel
697.0 miles from Hai Phong
#44 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Before we arrived Linda, the manager, got in touch with us offering a wealth of local recommendations and offered to help with any and all booking and logistics. Upon arrival Linda provided information about the..."
"Perfect hotel!! Linda is just the best. She helped us with everything we needed, we are really grateful to her. It was our friend's birthday and she helped me to go and buy a cake as a surprise. 😊 The beds are..."
Tra My Hotel
3 reviews
25.6 miles from Hai Phong
#77 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"If you like Rats in The Hallways and cockroaches flying over your bed, this is the perfect place to stay. The staff didnt really care. We didnt even stay one night. The location is good, the view really nice."
Best Seller
Menrva Hotel
0.7 miles from Hai Phong
#2 of 8 B&Bs / Inns in Hong Bang
"Had a short but great stay at this hotel. Location was excellent, right in the city center, and about 10 mins on foot to the train station. Room was nice and elegant while breakfast was simple but good."
"A perfect place for tourism and business. Quiet room and very near walking street , old opera , coach , station .... this is a center hotel . Staff were very nice ! And hlpeful. Will recommend friends ! Ps: if you..."
Cat Ba Daily Life Hotel
1 review
55.9 miles from Hai Phong
#58 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"A very good hotel nearby the central market, with a panoramic view on the bay. Comfortable beds, rooms very clean, the hotel provides lots of services apart from b&b. Amelia is the perfect host. Will come back!"
JoyStay
11 reviews
21.6 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 3 Specialty lodging in Xuan Dam
"We stayed here for two nights in mid-April and had a lovely time. The units are really cute, comfortable and very clean. The food is great and very reasonably priced, and we can't speak highly enough of the owner..."
"We had a lovely short stay. The family are very lovely. The food was delicious. The room was clean and well designed. The photos are accurate. The guests next door were a little loud as there is no sound proof..."
Galaxy Cat Ba Hotel Elite
16 reviews
#10 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The hotel has a beautiful, central location, near many delicious seafood restaurants and cafes, convenient for living and going out, especially at night. The hotel owner is friendly and prepares a delicious..."
"What a great experience for a bargain price! The staff were so friendly and helpful, always happy to answer questions and offer advice. The breakfast was a great way to start the day after a very comfortable and..."
Gia Han Hostel
25.4 miles from Hai Phong
#56 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Pretty good place, the owner and his family are very friendly, the place was clean. They have rooms at the front of the hotel, overlooking the main street, excellent to watch the street life, but it can be a bit..."
"The owner and his son are amazing people! So nice, kind and friendly. Hotel is old and simple but very clean and I loved it. Also the price for rooms are really good. If I will be back in Cat ba deffinitly going to..."
F & F Hotel
In Hai Phong
#47 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Good for an overnight Reception fine Clean and comfortable airport free shuttle is a lie 80.000 dong or a very short taxi drive 'In a nice area but few facilities around ; it otherwise there is nothing to..."
"Like the other reviewers, we only stayed here as it was close to the airport. We came here from our Halong Bay cruise as we were flying from HaiPhong airport the next day. We arrived in the afternoon and went for a..."
Bay View Hotel
59 reviews
25.7 miles from Hai Phong
#39 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"What you pay is what you get. Extremely cheap, but a very noisy hotel. We got a room with a window into the staircase so we could hear all the comings and goings. The location is excellent. The young lady at the..."
"I heard they have a big dorm room (16) that is usually empty so went there and shared it with two other girls. Really nice owner. Got towels. Beds are not that great but for cheap price, can't expect much. Shower..."
An Homestay
5 reviews
25.5 miles from Hai Phong
#28 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"The bedroom was spacious, clean, and very modern. The food was delicious, and the view from the room overlooking the valley was beautiful. The hosts, a friendly and enthusiastic couple, had a good command of..."
"Very friendly and welcoming family. The food was great and they even made special food for me because I got sick. They invited me to a family trip to a special beach in cat ba. Overall great expierience, can’t..."
Viet Hai Homestay
13 reviews
#12 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"My friends and I recently stayed here and we loved it. Getting there would be a little bit difficult without Chilly’s help- bus from Hanoi, ferry to Cat Ba, speed boat from Ben Beo harbour and then a short cart ride..."
"The home stay is absolutely beautiful, especially the pond and all the landscaping. Chilly is the man!! The entire staff was super helpful and the boat tours we booked through them were a wonderful time. If you’re..."
Ha Vy Hotel
#102 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Just another dirty, cheap, below standard hotel in Cat Ba, there are much better ones than this, but we had bad luck whilst in Cat Ba. Smelly, noisy, what more can I say, do your homework and don't fall into this..."
"I choose this hotel partly because of its 8.4 rating on cleanliness on Booking.com. Well... the room was quite clean when I arrived. But I stayed 4 nights and got no room service at all. Trash bins remain full..."
Cat Ba Spring Garden Homestay
19 reviews
18.3 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 2 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba Town
"The property is absolutely gorgeous and the rooms are spacious and clean - nothing not to love! The staff were very nice and helpful. Unfortunately we didn't get to meet the famous Linda as she wasn't there, but she..."
"We really liked the staff at the home stay they were very welcoming and helpful. I would definitely recommend booking tours through the home stay, they know the best guides. Linda is so lovely, I left my suit behind..."
CatBa Balo Hostel
4 reviews
#73 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Hi, so as a black persons travelling Vietnam for a month, I have never felt more welcomed and accepted by the Vietnamese people. However when I got to Cat ba with a friend I was told by the hostel/hotel owner that I..."
"Didn't stay at the hostel, but I can say the food served at the restaurant is the best I tasted during my week on Island. Don't pay attention to the sometimes empty terrace : this is a privileged place for pure..."
2023
Lan Homestay
149 reviews
23.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We could not have asked for a better first stay in Vietnam. It was a serious trek getting to the village, but that was part of the fun. Chilly and everyone on staff were so helpful and kind. The homestay is..."
HaiPhong Backpacker Hostel
#86 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"In the beginning we chose this hostel for 1 night because it was on the way to cat ba but arriving here it was a never seen before. Their hospitality was so great, they invited us food even when we arrived late..."
Quang Hung
28 reviews
#57 of 153 Specialty lodging in Cat Ba
"Good value vs price, excellent view in most of the rooms (facing the sea). Hotel is located in the Cat Ba's touristic area full of nice restaurants (try Tom's, you won't regret it). Bed could be a little bit softer."
"We had a nice spacious room with a balcony (big enough to fit 2 chairs and a table) facing the boulevard. We had room 303 and paid 9 dollar a night. Breakfast (included) was just right, you can choose between bread..."
Dao Ngoc Hotel
2 reviews
#86 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"We booked this room based on the good rating on other websites. However, when we entered the room it was clear that the bathroom was not cleaned after the other guests: there was lots hair and sand on the floor..."
Hai Duong Hotel
#90 of 127 B&Bs / Inns in Cat Ba
"Reviews on booking.com are misleading. We arrived to the man who must run the place sleeping and we woke him up for him to tell us the room we booked was broken and there is another one we can use. He offered to let..."
"Not to be rude, but my girlfriend and I had a bad experience in this hotel. We found it on booking with a rate of 9.2, so we thought it would be great. But this was not the case... When we arrived the woman at the..."
Zen Riverside Hotel & Residences
#60 of 259 Specialty lodging in Hai Phong
"Excellent facilities and amenities. You could not find any better options in Hai Phong City with only $45 per night included with: Continental Buffet Breakfast, free access to Gym, Pool, Sauna. The location is a..."
"The hotel is very nice and clean, all room have balcony, washing machine and kitchen. Friendly and professional staffs. Breakfast is delicious and varied, including European, Asian, Korean, Japanese and Chinese as..."
Hotel Blue Rose
0 reviews
Daiichi Hotel Cát Bà
Hami Hotel
Rustic House
25.0 miles from Hai Phong
Matches:Hotels & Motels
Missing:Allergy-free Room
Top Rated
Manoir Des Arts Hotel
589 reviews
#1 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"The Hotel is week sited, and the amenities are brilliant for the area. The Staff simply can’t do more for you, especially Long Linh and Van Anh Thao, they were brilliant throughout our stay! The Hotel has..."
"Everything was amazing, the room, the staff, the food… Long, Linh, Van Anh, Thao, all super nice 🤩 ! Had a wonderful time. Great place to visit out of the touristy areas. Definitely recommend. Oh, try the local..."
Visit hotel website
Somerset Central TD Hai Phong City
265 reviews
#6 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"There is no reason why I will not recommend this hotel. Front desk Staff is very accommodating and attentive on guests' needs. A bit of a walk to Supermarket, which is not a problem for me because I prefer the peace..."
"Its very wonderfull stay with Somerset Hai Phong, front desk staff was so helpful. She give me a list for sight seeing. Room is so nice with bacony and you can see the city view, also having kitchen and washing..."
Melia Vinpearl Hai Phong Rivera
246 reviews
#2 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"Every employees include Jameson were very nice and kind. Thank you for your help guys! All the staff at the information desk speaks fluent English. He helped me with the late check-out 100% willingness to..."
Sheraton Hai Phong
355 reviews
#4 of 320 hotels in Hai Phong
"I’ve visited Hai Phong for 5 or 6 times in 2023, and every time when I went to Sheraton just like went home. They provide great service and everyone in lobby remember my face! :) Especially Mr. Nick Bui the Duty..."
Flamingo Cat Ba Resorts
811 reviews
25.9 miles from Hai Phong
#1 of 144 hotels in Cat Ba
"Wonderful hotel in Cat Ba Island This is a perfect hotel on Cat Ba Island. The staff are super professional and attentive especially Mr Hung supervisor FO. He is very helpfull and enthusiastic. The design and decor..."
Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms nearby destinations
Cat Ba
Halong Bay
Travelers visit Halong Bay for an up-close look at its amazing limestone islands, rock formations and caves. Whittled away over centuries by wind and water, they’re breathtaking. Rent a kayak or a junk boat, or take a tour to explore.
Read more
Quang Ninh Province
Bac Ninh
Mekong Delta
Hanoi
The charming Vietnamese capital has aged well, preserving the Old Quarter, monuments and colonial architecture, while making room for modern developments alongside. Hanoi may have shrugged off several former names, including Thang Long, or "ascending dragon," but it hasn't forgotten its past, as sites such as Ho Chi Minh's Mausoleum and Hoa Lo Prison attest. Lakes, parks, shady boulevards and more than 600 temples and pagodas add to the appeal of this city, which is easily explored by taxi.
Ninh Binh
Popular destinations for Hotels with Allergy-free Rooms
Mui Ne
Ancient civilization gets a tropical beach twist in Mui Ne, a resort town in southeast Vietnam. Formidable Cham towers seem to keep watch over the visitors who come here for the epic kitesurfing or to frolic along the sand dunes. Candy-colored fishing vessels bob gently in the waters of Mui Ne Harbor, where you can buy steamed seafood that’s literally fresh off the boat.
Jodhpur
Surrounded by a huge fortress wall with bastions, the striking blue buildings in Jodhpur contrast sharply and beautifully with the neighboring Thar Desert. Exploring the palaces, forts and temples will keep you busy and in awe of the city’s historic grandeur. Bazaars offer a range of beautiful textiles, embroidered leather goods, lacquerware, antiques, carpets, puppets and figurines. Jodhpur is a popular tourist destination and a convenient base for travel in the region.
Kazan
On the banks of the Volga River, Kazan sits austerely, its cityscape a visual confection of architecture that somehow manages to be both playful and severe. No matter your spiritual inclination, you simply must visit the Temple of All Religions, a Technicolor cultural center built by artist Ildar Khanov. Though still a work in progress, the "temple" is a feast for the eyes—and the spirit.
Adler
Boasting montane surroundings, subtropical beaches, and a major railway terminal, Adler is unsurprisingly one of Russia’s most popular Black Sea resorts. Arguably more affordable than its Olympic neighbor Sochi, Adler’s parks, museums, and churches provide plenty to do beyond sunbathing.
Lindos
You’ll have three beaches to choose from in Lindos: calm Pallas Beach, secluded St. Paul’s Bay, and the main beach, Megali Paralia. Save time to explore the town itself, too. It’s a bit of a hike up to the acropolis, but the view is magnificent.
Marchula
Kozhikode District
Thane District
Yuzawa-machi
Limassol
Popular Hai Phong Categories
Hotels with Bike Rentals
Cheap Hotels
Hotels with a View
Hotels with Tennis Courts
Hotels with Sauna
Hotels with Steam Room
Hotels with Gym
Hotels with Banquet Hall
Accessible Hotels
Family Resorts
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with allergy-free rooms
What are the best hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer a gym?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong allow pets?
Do any hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer free breakfast?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have free parking?
Do any hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have a spa on-site?
What are some hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong that offer kids activities?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong offer airport transportation?
Which hotels with allergy-free rooms in Hai Phong have rooms with a kitchenette?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Hai Phong Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
some
Matches:
Missing:
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
This weekend
Next weekend
