Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Doris Cruise, Halong Bay
Asia  Vietnam  Quang Ninh Province  Halong Bay  Halong Bay Hotels  Hotels near Doris Cruise
View map
Hotels near Doris Cruise
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province  
Quang Ninh Province
Halong Bay  
Halong Bay Hotels  
Halong Bay Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
23 Hang Voi Street, Ha Noi city, Viet Nam., Halong Bay 10000 Vietnam
Read Reviews of Doris Cruise
Popular
5 stars
29
235
Breakfast included
369
Luxury
51
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
491
Pool
107
Free parking
208
Distance from
25+ mi
Bai Tu Long Bay
Sung Sot Cave
Dau Go Cave
Traveler rating
& up
476
549
569
Hotel class
4 stars
101
3 stars
253
2 stars
57
Style
Budget
113
Mid-range
360
Family-friendly
191
Show more
Brands
OYO
15
VBA Hospitality Group
10
RedDoorz
9
Melia
3
1,843 of 4,560 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Doris Cruise

Highest-rated hotel within a 1 minute walk of Doris Cruise
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
Top Rated
1. La Siesta Classic Hang Thung
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
465 reviews
21 Hang Thung Street - | Hoan Kiem -, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
0.0 miles from Doris Cruise
#1 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff was great! The hotel rooms are some of the nicest I’ve seen in Vietnam. The spa crew were wonderful. Nice small gym. Would definitely recommend to everyone who is looking for a place to stay in Hanoi…”
2023
2. La Nueva Boutique Hotel & Spa
1,931 reviews
32 P. Lo Su | Lý Thái Tổ, Hoàn Kiếm, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
0.1 miles from Doris Cruise
#2 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We found this hotel to be clean and comfortable, staff were friendly and helpful, had a great breakfast in a room with windows on 3 sides, great rooftop bar with nice views, and centrally located a quick walk to...”
Visit hotel website
3. Hanoi Emerald Waters Hotel & Spa
1,104 reviews
No.47 Lo Su street | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#3 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Highly recommended! if we go Hanoi again, we will definitely stay in this hotel. The rooms have a luxurious feel, are spacious, clean and bright. But nothing beats the icing of the cake - their service. Especially...”
4. Bendecir Hotel & Spa
977 reviews
25 - 27 Lo Su | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#4 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Lovely little boutique hotel with the most friendly staff and a great rooftop bar with 2 for 1 happy hour. Rooms were clean comfortable and many amenities. The breakfast was amazing so many choices. Central...”
5. Hanoi La Selva Hotel
2,274 reviews
57 Lo Su, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#5 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Excellent concierge services including getting a driver who picked us up at the airport at a reasonable rate. The hotels manager was always there to answer questions and spoke English flawlessly. Rooms were good...”
6. Hanoi Paon Hotel & Spa
303 reviews
27 Hang Thung, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#6 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“This hotel in the Old Quarter is 3 blocks from the lake. Excellent value, clean and wonderful staff. We booked the deluxe room and was pleased with the size of bed (king) , 4 pillows, a complete set of towels and...”
7. Hanoi Emerald Waters Hotel Valley
262 reviews
No.22 Lo Su street | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi, Vietnam
#7 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Best service, nice and clean rooms although I didn't like wash basin inside the room. Not all rooms have wash basin inside because I checked with some other Indian guests who said that their wash basin was inside...”
8. Shining Central Hotel & Spa
537 reviews
20 Lo Su Str, Hanoi, Vietnam
#8 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Old school hotel in central area of Hanoi (But not thankfully in the old quarter).Very quiet, great staff, breakfast on 10th floor with a view.2 blocks from lake and many many restaurants and shops.OF NOTE: on a...”
9. JaCosmo Hotel and Spa
827 reviews
23 Lo Su Street | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#9 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed for 1 night at the beginning of our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is very well priced. A taxi was easily arranged to collect us from the airport. Staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about what to…”
10. Authentic Hanoi Boutique Hotel
1,083 reviews
13 Ly Thai To, Hoan Kiem | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#10 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Very excelent hotel. The room and the staff people, in especial Sandy very friendly and profesional! All is ok, the food very good! The pananoramic in restaurant is beautiful ! Location is the best one. Very...”
11. Hanoi Golden Moon Hotel
764 reviews
65 Nguyen Huu Huan Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We spent four nights at the Hanoi Golden Moon Hotel and found it to be the absolute best during our entire stay in Vietnam. The location is superb, close to numerous attractions and many restaurants. The room was...”
12. Aurora Premium Hotel & Spa
544 reviews
61 Hang Be | Quan Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“When I first saw all 5 star ratings for this hotel, frankly I thought it too good to be true, but once I have stayed there I can say they deserve it! The hotel has been impeccable in the cleanliness, comfort and...”
13. Hanoi Media Hotel & Spa
1,349 reviews
11 Hang Dau Str, Hoan Kiem Lake, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#13 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff was so accommodating and really catered to all of our requests, especially since it was the Tet holiday! The breakfast buffet is decent, and there’s a spa downstairs for whenever you want a massage or…”
14. Eliana Signature Hanoi Hotel
772 reviews
38A P. Lo Su, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We stayed at Oriana for the first day when we arrived hanoi. The location are very closed to the old quarter and easy to find it. And the staff are extremely nice and helpful. They give you map and all the...”
15. La Passion Hanoi Hotel & Spa
79 reviews
26 Hang Thung, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#15 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Rooms had everything we needed and beds were very comfortable. Reception staff were extremely helpful with all.our questions. Breakfast was very good too. Lication was absolutely perfect- in the heart of the old...”
16. Silk Queen Grand Hotel
239 reviews
36 Lo Su Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“We booked this hotel for 4 days 3 nights. The hotel staff especially the reception staff were friendly and helpful. We witnessed how some hotel guests intimidated and threatened restaurant staff with bad reviews...”
17. Hanoi Ma Coeur Boutique Hotel
267 reviews
No. 40 Lo Su street | Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#17 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Less than a five-minute stroll from Hoan Kiem Lake, on Lo Su Street, is the Hanoi Capella Hotel, staffed by super-friendly and very helpful people. They offered us a lot of advice, especially on how to save money...”
18. Ja Cosmo Hotel & Spa
38 reviews
No 23 Lo Su Street | Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#18 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“My boyfriend and I had a great short stay at Ja Cosmo. Location is excellent, so much on the doorstep. Modern hotel lobby, the room was well decorated and clean. Staff are exceptional they can’t do enough for you...”
19. Hanoi Focus Boutique Hotel
114 reviews
42 Lo Su Str | Old Quarter, Hanoi, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I have stayed with my wife and business partners of 4 rooms from 26 to 26 July 2022. I had very good experience and helpful staff there. The walking booking and phone communication is very well welcomed and...”
20. HM Boutique Hotel
451 reviews
03 Hang Dau St., Hoan Kiem Dist, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#20 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“If we visit Hanoi in the future this hotel will be our first choise. From the moment we were helped inside we felt welcome. The staff by the front desk were very helpful ,we even got our room upgraded from bakside...”
21. Au Coeur d'Hanoi Boutique Hotel
416 reviews
62 Hang Be | Hoan Kiem Dist, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#21 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The service is god damn nice and the room have everything. After a long tiring day touring in the city, we came back to the hotel, walking in the room with surprise. I love the fact that they clean our room every...”
22. Hanoi E Central Hotel
27 reviews
18 P. Lo Su, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#22 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stay 2 nights with the hotel. Our false to break the shower gel jar due to inside the shower room do not have the shelf to stove the shampoo, shower gel & conditioner. We need to step out to take it & its happened...”
23. Hanoi Pomihoa Hotel
71 reviews
166 Tran Quang Khai Street, Hoan Kiem District, Hanoi, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Stayed here for 4 nights. Location is quite good, in a small distance from the lake. Rooms were little small but clean. Staffs were nice. Not much option for buffet but food's taste was good. Overall a good budget...”
24. Eliana Signature Hanoi Hotel
7 reviews
36 P. Lo Su | Lý Thái Tổ, Hoàn Kiếm, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#24 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Really cute hotel in centre of Hanoi. Great staff, probably the best staff we have encountered so far. Lovely people, really caring and helps a lot with everything. Great breakfast with a lovely view. The…”
25. Lluvia Hotel Hanoi
115 reviews
79 Pho Hang Voi | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#25 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“I loved staying there. I'm from Canada and I've never been so satisfied at a hotel before. I'll be back maybe in a few months. Room service was good and the restaurant's chef was very nice and talented.”
26. Parkson Hotel Hanoi
287 reviews
7 Ph_ Hang M_m | Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#26 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The staff here are kind and attentive. Facility quite old but comfortable to stay. The area of the hotel is accessible and cafe are everywhere outside the hotel :) which is very good to us coffee over. :)”
27. Hanoi Royal View Hotel
131 reviews
7 Hang Dau Street, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Me and my husband stayed here for two nights as part of our Vietnam tour and you are right in the heart of the hustle and bustle of the old quarter. Situated a couple of streets away from one of the city lakes and…”
28. Eliana Boutique Hanoi Hotel
5 reviews
34a Pho Lo Su | Ly Thai To, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“Simple hotel, with an excellent location, a convenient restaurant on the top floor for breakfasts and dinners, and most important, the hotel staff is very helpful and welcoming. We enjoyed staying in the heart of...”
29. Hanoi Paradise Center Hotel & Spa
50 reviews
22/5 Hang Voi | Ly Thai To, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“The first hotel my boyfriend stayed in in Vietnam. The hotel was great overall but not quite as nice as the pictures on booking.com showed I felt. Staff were excellent. A couple things with the room - the bathroom...”
30. Thai Son Grand Hotel
111 reviews
7 Hang Mam, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 4,560 places to stay in Halong Bay
“A lovely and very comfortable hotel, the staff were friendly and very helpful. We felt nothing was too much trouble, even asking for an adapter to recharge our phones was dealt with quickly and efficiently. The...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Doris Cruise information
Hotels Near Doris Cruise, Halong Bay
There are 3,760 Hotels close to Doris Cruise in Halong Bay
Hotels Near Doris Cruise Reviews
There are 292,609 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Doris Cruise Photos
There are 182,444 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.01 mi
Doris Cruise
1,843 of 4,560 properties
Clear all filters
Highest-rated hotel
21 Hang Thung Street -
Hoan Kiem -
Hanoi 100000,
The staff was great! The hotel rooms are some of the nicest I’ve seen in Vietnam. The spa crew were wonderful. Nice small gym. Would definitely recommend to everyone who is looking for a place to stay in Hanoi…
The staff was great! The hotel rooms are some of
the nicest I’ve seen in Vietnam. The spa crew were wonderful. Nice small gym. Would definitely recommend to everyone who is looking for a place to stay in Hanoi…
32 P. Lo Su
Lý Thái Tổ, Hoàn Kiếm
We found this hotel to be clean and comfortable, staff were friendly and helpful, had a great breakfast in a room with windows on 3 sides, great rooftop bar with nice views, and centrally located a quick walk to...
We found this hotel to be clean and comfortable,
staff were friendly and helpful, had a great breakfast in a room with windows on 3 sides, great rooftop bar with nice views, and centrally located a quick walk to...
No.47 Lo Su street
Hoan Kiem
Highly recommended! if we go Hanoi again, we will definitely stay in this hotel. The rooms have a luxurious feel, are spacious, clean and bright. But nothing beats the icing of the cake - their service. Especially...
Highly recommended! if we go Hanoi again, we will
definitely stay in this hotel. The rooms have a luxurious feel, are spacious, clean and bright. But nothing beats the icing of the cake - their service. Especially...
25 - 27 Lo Su
Lovely little boutique hotel with the most friendly staff and a great rooftop bar with 2 for 1 happy hour. Rooms were clean comfortable and many amenities. The breakfast was amazing so many choices. Central...
Lovely little boutique hotel with the most
friendly staff and a great rooftop bar with 2 for 1 happy hour. Rooms were clean comfortable and many amenities. The breakfast was amazing so many choices. Central...
57 Lo Su, Hoan Kiem District
Hanoi 10000,
Excellent concierge services including getting a driver who picked us up at the airport at a reasonable rate. The hotels manager was always there to answer questions and spoke English flawlessly. Rooms were good...
Excellent concierge services including getting a
driver who picked us up at the airport at a reasonable rate. The hotels manager was always there to answer questions and spoke English flawlessly. Rooms were good...
27 Hang Thung
This hotel in the Old Quarter is 3 blocks from the lake. Excellent value, clean and wonderful staff. We booked the deluxe room and was pleased with the size of bed (king) , 4 pillows, a complete set of towels and...
This hotel in the Old Quarter is 3 blocks from
the lake. Excellent value, clean and wonderful staff. We booked the deluxe room and was pleased with the size of bed (king) , 4 pillows, a complete set of towels and...
No.22 Lo Su street
Hanoi,
Best service, nice and clean rooms although I didn't like wash basin inside the room. Not all rooms have wash basin inside because I checked with some other Indian guests who said that their wash basin was inside...
Best service, nice and clean rooms although I
didn't like wash basin inside the room. Not all rooms have wash basin inside because I checked with some other Indian guests who said that their wash basin was inside...
20 Lo Su Str
Old school hotel in central area of Hanoi (But not thankfully in the old quarter).Very quiet, great staff, breakfast on 10th floor with a view.2 blocks from lake and many many restaurants and shops.OF NOTE: on a...
Old school hotel in central area of Hanoi (But
not thankfully in the old quarter).Very quiet, great staff, breakfast on 10th floor with a view.2 blocks from lake and many many restaurants and shops.OF NOTE: on a...
23 Lo Su Street
We stayed for 1 night at the beginning of our trip to Vietnam. The hotel is very well priced. A taxi was easily arranged to collect us from the airport. Staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about what to…
We stayed for 1 night at the beginning of our
trip to Vietnam. The hotel is very well priced. A taxi was easily arranged to collect us from the airport. Staff are very friendly and knowledgeable about what to…
13 Ly Thai To, Hoan Kiem
Very excelent hotel. The room and the staff people, in especial Sandy very friendly and profesional! All is ok, the food very good! The pananoramic in restaurant is beautiful ! Location is the best one. Very...
Very excelent hotel. The room and the staff
people, in especial Sandy very friendly and profesional! All is ok, the food very good! The pananoramic in restaurant is beautiful ! Location is the best one. Very...
65 Nguyen Huu Huan Street, Hoan Kiem District
We spent four nights at the Hanoi Golden Moon Hotel and found it to be the absolute best during our entire stay in Vietnam. The location is superb, close to numerous attractions and many restaurants. The room was...
We spent four nights at the Hanoi Golden Moon
Hotel and found it to be the absolute best during our entire stay in Vietnam. The location is superb, close to numerous attractions and many restaurants. The room was...
61 Hang Be
Quan Hoan Kiem
When I first saw all 5 star ratings for this hotel, frankly I thought it too good to be true, but once I have stayed there I can say they deserve it! The hotel has been impeccable in the cleanliness, comfort and...
When I first saw all 5 star ratings for this
hotel, frankly I thought it too good to be true, but once I have stayed there I can say they deserve it! The hotel has been impeccable in the cleanliness, comfort and...
11 Hang Dau Str, Hoan Kiem Lake
The staff was so accommodating and really catered to all of our requests, especially since it was the Tet holiday! The breakfast buffet is decent, and there’s a spa downstairs for whenever you want a massage or…
The staff was so accommodating and really catered
to all of our requests, especially since it was the Tet holiday! The breakfast buffet is decent, and there’s a spa downstairs for whenever you want a massage or…
38A P. Lo Su
We stayed at Oriana for the first day when we arrived hanoi. The location are very closed to the old quarter and easy to find it. And the staff are extremely nice and helpful. They give you map and all the...
We stayed at Oriana for the first day when we
arrived hanoi. The location are very closed to the old quarter and easy to find it. And the staff are extremely nice and helpful. They give you map and all the...
26 Hang Thung
Rooms had everything we needed and beds were very comfortable. Reception staff were extremely helpful with all.our questions. Breakfast was very good too. Lication was absolutely perfect- in the heart of the old...
Rooms had everything we needed and beds were very
comfortable. Reception staff were extremely helpful with all.our questions. Breakfast was very good too. Lication was absolutely perfect- in the heart of the old...
36 Lo Su Street, Hoan Kiem District
We booked this hotel for 4 days 3 nights. The hotel staff especially the reception staff were friendly and helpful. We witnessed how some hotel guests intimidated and threatened restaurant staff with bad reviews...
We booked this hotel for 4 days 3 nights. The
hotel staff especially the reception staff were friendly and helpful. We witnessed how some hotel guests intimidated and threatened restaurant staff with bad reviews...
No. 40 Lo Su street
Hoan Kiem District
Less than a five-minute stroll from Hoan Kiem Lake, on Lo Su Street, is the Hanoi Capella Hotel, staffed by super-friendly and very helpful people. They offered us a lot of advice, especially on how to save money...
Less than a five-minute stroll from Hoan Kiem
Lake, on Lo Su Street, is the Hanoi Capella Hotel, staffed by super-friendly and very helpful people. They offered us a lot of advice, especially on how to save money...
No 23 Lo Su Street
My boyfriend and I had a great short stay at Ja Cosmo. Location is excellent, so much on the doorstep. Modern hotel lobby, the room was well decorated and clean. Staff are exceptional they can’t do enough for you...
My boyfriend and I had a great short stay at Ja
Cosmo. Location is excellent, so much on the doorstep. Modern hotel lobby, the room was well decorated and clean. Staff are exceptional they can’t do enough for you...
42 Lo Su Str
Old Quarter
I have stayed with my wife and business partners of 4 rooms from 26 to 26 July 2022. I had very good experience and helpful staff there. The walking booking and phone communication is very well welcomed and...
I have stayed with my wife and business partners
of 4 rooms from 26 to 26 July 2022. I had very good experience and helpful staff there. The walking booking and phone communication is very well welcomed and...
03 Hang Dau St., Hoan Kiem Dist
If we visit Hanoi in the future this hotel will be our first choise. From the moment we were helped inside we felt welcome. The staff by the front desk were very helpful ,we even got our room upgraded from bakside...
If we visit Hanoi in the future this hotel will
be our first choise. From the moment we were helped inside we felt welcome. The staff by the front desk were very helpful ,we even got our room upgraded from bakside...
62 Hang Be
Hoan Kiem Dist
The service is god damn nice and the room have everything. After a long tiring day touring in the city, we came back to the hotel, walking in the room with surprise. I love the fact that they clean our room every...
The service is god damn nice and the room have
everything. After a long tiring day touring in the city, we came back to the hotel, walking in the room with surprise. I love the fact that they clean our room every...
18 P. Lo Su
Stay 2 nights with the hotel. Our false to break the shower gel jar due to inside the shower room do not have the shelf to stove the shampoo, shower gel & conditioner. We need to step out to take it & its happened...
Stay 2 nights with the hotel. Our false to break
the shower gel jar due to inside the shower room do not have the shelf to stove the shampoo, shower gel & conditioner. We need to step out to take it & its happened...
166 Tran Quang Khai Street, Hoan Kiem District
Stayed here for 4 nights. Location is quite good, in a small distance from the lake. Rooms were little small but clean. Staffs were nice. Not much option for buffet but food's taste was good. Overall a good budget...
Stayed here for 4 nights. Location is quite good,
in a small distance from the lake. Rooms were little small but clean. Staffs were nice. Not much option for buffet but food's taste was good. Overall a good budget...
36 P. Lo Su
Really cute hotel in centre of Hanoi. Great staff, probably the best staff we have encountered so far. Lovely people, really caring and helps a lot with everything. Great breakfast with a lovely view. The…
Really cute hotel in centre of Hanoi. Great
staff, probably the best staff we have encountered so far. Lovely people, really caring and helps a lot with everything. Great breakfast with a lovely view. The…
79 Pho Hang Voi
I loved staying there. I'm from Canada and I've never been so satisfied at a hotel before. I'll be back maybe in a few months. Room service was good and the restaurant's chef was very nice and talented.
I loved staying there. I'm from Canada and I've
never been so satisfied at a hotel before. I'll be back maybe in a few months. Room service was good and the restaurant's chef was very nice and talented.
7 Ph_ Hang M_m
The staff here are kind and attentive. Facility quite old but comfortable to stay. The area of the hotel is accessible and cafe are everywhere outside the hotel :) which is very good to us coffee over. :)
The staff here are kind and attentive. Facility
quite old but comfortable to stay. The area of the hotel is accessible and cafe are everywhere outside the hotel :) which is very good to us coffee over. :)
7 Hang Dau Street
Me and my husband stayed here for two nights as part of our Vietnam tour and you are right in the heart of the hustle and bustle of the old quarter. Situated a couple of streets away from one of the city lakes and…
Me and my husband stayed here for two nights as
part of our Vietnam tour and you are right in the heart of the hustle and bustle of the old quarter. Situated a couple of streets away from one of the city lakes and…
34a Pho Lo Su
Ly Thai To, Hoan Kiem
Simple hotel, with an excellent location, a convenient restaurant on the top floor for breakfasts and dinners, and most important, the hotel staff is very helpful and welcoming. We enjoyed staying in the heart of...
Simple hotel, with an excellent location, a
convenient restaurant on the top floor for breakfasts and dinners, and most important, the hotel staff is very helpful and welcoming. We enjoyed staying in the heart of...
22/5 Hang Voi
The first hotel my boyfriend stayed in in Vietnam. The hotel was great overall but not quite as nice as the pictures on booking.com showed I felt. Staff were excellent. A couple things with the room - the bathroom...
The first hotel my boyfriend stayed in in
Vietnam. The hotel was great overall but not quite as nice as the pictures on booking.com showed I felt. Staff were excellent. A couple things with the room - the bathroom...
7 Hang Mam
A lovely and very comfortable hotel, the staff were friendly and very helpful. We felt nothing was too much trouble, even asking for an adapter to recharge our phones was dealt with quickly and efficiently. The...
A lovely and very comfortable hotel, the staff
were friendly and very helpful. We felt nothing was too much trouble, even asking for an adapter to recharge our phones was dealt with quickly and efficiently. The...
1
2
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
7
8
11
12
13
14
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
30
31
April 2024
Cheaper
Average
Higher
Based on average prices
Tonight
Next weekend
