Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Hanoi Hotels Things to Do Restaurants Flights Vacation Rentals Travel Stories Cruises Rental Cars
THE 10 CLOSEST Hotels to Noibai Airport (HAN)
Asia  Vietnam  Hanoi  Hanoi Hotels  Hotels near Noibai Airport (HAN)
View map
Hotels near Noibai Airport (HAN)
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
Hanoi
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
Asia  
Asia
Vietnam  
Vietnam
Hanoi  
Hanoi Hotels  
Hanoi Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
Popular
5 stars
29
234
Breakfast included
366
Luxury
50
Property types
Resorts
Motels
All-inclusives
Show all
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
489
Pool
106
Free parking
204
Distance from
25+ mi
Old Quarter
Ho Chi Minh Mausoleum
Lake of the Restored Sword (Hoan Kiem Lake)
Vietnam Museum of Ethnology
Traveler rating
& up
474
547
567
Hotel class
4 stars
99
3 stars
253
2 stars
57
Style
Budget
113
Mid-range
358
Family-friendly
190
Show more
Brands
OYO
15
VBA Hospitality Group
10
RedDoorz
9
Melia
3
1,817 of 4,504 properties match your filters. Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
50 mi from Noibai Airport

Sponsored
Gm Premium Hotel
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
330 reviews
41 Hang Bong Street | Hoàn Kiếm, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
13.2 miles from Noibai Airport
“Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...”
Visit hotel website
1. L7 West Lake Hanoi By Lotte
94 reviews
Ngo 683 D. L_c Long Quan, Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
9.9 miles from Noibai Airport
#1 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I have a lovely experience at Layered restaurant. Food was variety and very good. Spectacular view of West Lake with family are things that make me feel good. Special thanks to Huyen, Ha and Ngoc for attentive...”
2. Paragon Noi Bai Hotel & Pool
29 reviews
Dien Xa 1 Street | Dien Xa, Noi Bai Airport, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
1.0 miles from Noibai Airport
#2 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Was originally planning on paying for lounge access at Hanoi airport as we had 9 hours to wait for our flight - however the Paragon was half the price of the airport and gave us the addition of private bathroom, b...”
Top Rated
3. Airport Classic Hotel & Travel
20 reviews
10 Vo Nguyen Giap stresst, Thai Phu, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
2.2 miles from Noibai Airport
#3 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I would absolutely recommend the Airport Classic Hotel for anyone needing to stay near the airport.”
One you. Multiple experiences. Exceptional benefits.
Dreaming of your next beach getaway? Raring to go on an action-packed urban adventure? Get ready to experience the best of what Asia has to offer in Thailand, South Korea, Vietnam, and Singapore while earning points and enjoying exclusive benefits.
Read now
4. Haap Transit Hotel
218 reviews
21 Thai Phu, Vo Nguyen Giap Str, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
2.4 miles from Noibai Airport
#4 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Big room, very friendly, I stopped by Noibai airport for a short layover, so I stayed here for 1 day and it’s very good and trust worthy hotel.”
A three-city, five-day whirlwind adventure in Vietnam
Artist Lindsay Arakawa on her quick but rewarding trip through Ho Chi Minh, the Mekong Delta, Hoi An, and more
5. Fraser Residence Hanoi
54 reviews
C5, Do Nhuan Street, Xuan Dinh Ward, Bac Tu Liem District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
10.4 miles from Noibai Airport
#5 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Great new clean spacious rooms. Kids have a playground next to breakfast area. Simply perfect. Little bit out of town, 20 min, but next to the highway leading to and from the airport. Pleasant to have new...”
The Hanoi Club Hotel & Residences
359 reviews
76 Yen Phu Street | Tay Ho District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
11.7 miles from Noibai Airport
“Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...”
2023
6. Fraser Suites Hanoi
402 reviews
51 Xuan Di_u Street | Tay Ho District, Hanoi, Vietnam
10.7 miles from Noibai Airport
#6 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Staying at Fraser Suites is very much comfortable. Cynthia, the cleaner, always takes care the rooms sparkling clean. Thanks to her, we always have a good time.I think it's a lot of work, including cleaning…”
7. Somerset West Point Hanoi
138 reviews
2 Tay Ho Road | Tay Ho District, Hanoi, Vietnam
10.5 miles from Noibai Airport
#7 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Whenever i travel to hanoi, i always use this hotel. i do not use other hotels. I took my family and friends on this trip. My friend used this hotel for the first time, she was very satisfied. The hotel is not…”
Highest-rated hotel within 1.1 miles of Noibai Airport
Based on availability on Tripadvisor for Mar 24 - Mar 25
8. New Sky Airport Hotel
5 reviews
National Route 2 | 1a, Cau Den, Phu Cuong, Noi Bai, Ha Noi, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
1.1 miles from Noibai Airport
#8 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Ms. Han is very patiently responding to all my questions and update my location until my arrival time she monitored tru Whattsup and it makes me feel secured The room, the bed, the toilet was amazing This is h...”
9. Flamingo Dai Lai Resort
248 reviews
Thon D_i Quang | Ngọc Thanh, Phuc Yen 283537, Vietnam
10.3 miles from Noibai Airport
#9 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“My wife and I had a really positive experience at Flamingo. The resort is beautiful and stunning with so many various outdoors experiences available: The walks around the lake, beautiful open grassy areas, as well...”
10. Oakwood Residence Hanoi
316 reviews
17, Lane 35, Dang Thai Mai Street | Quang An, Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
10.8 miles from Noibai Airport
#10 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“We had the most lovely experience during our stay. The staff is extremely polite, helpful and well spoken. Chloe was super efficient, with a pleasant cheerful attitude. She ensured that the check of our entire…”
Hanoi Emotion Hotel
175 reviews
28 26, Hang Bot St, Hanoi +844, Vietnam
“A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff. Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...”
11. Diamond Westlake Suites
217 reviews
96 To Ngoc Van Street, Quang An Ward, Tay Ho District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#11 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“This one bedroom apartment in the Westlake district provided a counterpoint to our Hanoi Old Town experience. It is in a much quieter district. It is a secure compound with key access to the lifts that take you to...”
12. Chio Hotel and Apartment
79 reviews
15 Cau Den Street | Noi Bai Airport, Soc son District, Hanoi 844, Vietnam
#12 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“A perfect place to stay if you need to be close to the airport.”
13. InterContinental Hanoi Westlake
2,960 reviews
5 Tu Hoa street | Tay Ho, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
11.2 miles from Noibai Airport
#13 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Unique location and design, situated over the waters of West Lake in Hanoi. Great views, good glimpse of neighborhood life while affording all the usual comforts of a top hotel. Staff is very knowledgeable and...”
14. Sunset Westlake Hanoi Hotel
112 reviews
491-493 Lac Long Quan street | Tay Ho District, Hanoi +84-4, Vietnam
#14 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I was meant to stay only one night but because of illness ended up staying 3 nights. The staff and manager could not have been more helpful or nicer. The rooms are all that you need and clean. There is plenty of...”
15. PentStudio West Lake Hanoi
3 reviews
699 Lac Long Quan | Phu Thuong Ward, Tay Ho District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
9.5 miles from Noibai Airport
#15 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“It's awesome place to stay for solo trip when you in hanoi, the room is spacious, complete amenities, reception is very profesional and helpful. location is quite far but still around to westlake it just in…”
HOTEL du PARC HANOI
148 reviews
84 Tran Nhan Tong Street | Hai Ba Trung District, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
14.0 miles from Noibai Airport
“A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...”
16. The Euphoria Hanoi
12 reviews
15 F Ngo 9 - D_ng Thai Mai, Qu_ng An, Tay Ho, Hanoi, Vietnam
#16 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Great place and amenities little bit far from centre but near lots of café & restaurants. Download the Grab taxi app cheap quick taxis. Staff on site lovely and helpful. I couldn't pick a better place to stay. I...”
17. Sheraton Hanoi Hotel
2,219 reviews
11 Xuan Dieu | K5 Nghi Tam, Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
11.0 miles from Noibai Airport
#17 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“We had a great time staying here! The rooms are immaculate and the beds are really comfy. Breakfast and dinner options are great and the food is high quality. The staff are amazing and really helpful. I can't…”
18. Dragon Hotel
73 reviews
48 Xuan Dieu Str, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
10.9 miles from Noibai Airport
#18 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Room was cosy, got a room on the 2nd floor with the lake view, spacious for a solo traveller, hotel staff is great, greeted with a warm welcome, breakfast menu as expected, fresh cooked meal, breakfast was served...”
19. Musketeers Guest House
4 reviews
21 Alley 67 To Ngoc Van, Tay Ho, Hanoi, Vietnam
#19 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“If you’re visiting Hanoi, definitely stay here! Amazing rooms and amenities, both private and dorms. Amazing service, everyone so friendly and welcoming. Manager Mike could not do enough for you and always went...”
20. Noi Bai Family Homestay
9 reviews
8B Pho Cho Phu Cuong, Road 2, Phu Cuong Commune, Noi Bai | 8B Phố chợ phú cường , Đường 2, Xã Phú Cường, Huyện Sóc Sơn,Nội Bài,, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
0.8 miles from Noibai Airport
#20 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I had one night stay here because I arrived in Hanoi very late night. The room is clean, friendly staff, very helpful and warm They helped me and my friends so much when we confused about calling taxi early...”
Super Hotel Candle
157 reviews
287-301 Doi Can Street, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
12.6 miles from Noibai Airport
“We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days, on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...”
21. Amaya Home Soc Son Resort, Spa & Restaurant
7 reviews
Nga 3 D_c Day Di_u, Soc Son, Vietnam
4.6 miles from Noibai Airport
#21 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Place is really nice. We’ve been there right before Christmas, so tasty decorations everywhere. The overall design is very modern, successfully combining wood and stone. Staff is very polite and helpful, food…”
22. Maidza Hotel
36 reviews
52 Yen Phu, Tay ho | Tay Ho, Hanoi 84, Vietnam
10.6 miles from Noibai Airport
#22 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Nice hotel just a little rough around the edges. But we didn't go to Hanoi for 5☆ . Our room on the 7th floor had beautiful big windows over looking West Lake what more could you ask for. The free WIFI worked…”
23. Wild Lotus Hotel
47 reviews
106 Xuan Dieu , Tay Ho, Hanoi 8443, Vietnam
#23 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Wild Lotus Hotel offers small but clean, well-appointed and affordable rooms in a good area near the West Lake. You will find a neighborhood-like atmosphere, plenty of restaurants and shops, a shopping center, and...”
24. The Hanoi Club Hotel & Residences
#24 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
25. Lakeside Dailai Hotel
Area A Dailai Lake Cao Minh Commune, Phuc Yen 3320001, Vietnam
8.7 miles from Noibai Airport
#25 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Choose here thanks to a reference of my friends’. Not expect much at first but things turn out beyond my expectations. Welcomed by great manner of staffs, good food and clean room-service with a reasonable...”
Hanoian Central Hotel & Spa
779 reviews
42B Hang Cot | Hang Ma, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
12.8 miles from Noibai Airport
“Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…”
26. MOON West Lake Serviced Apartment
185A Trich Sai, Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
11.4 miles from Noibai Airport
#26 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Great experience, everyone is so lovely. Comfortable rooms, super clean, everything is so close by, very convenient. Mark is fantastic , He helped arrange car from 22 Land Residence to Moon West Lake Hotel and…”
27. VnaHomes ApartHotel
No. 30, Vong Thi Street, Tay Ho, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#27 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“VNAHomes Apart Hotel is amazing. I stayed for a week in a brand new beautiful king room. The Shower was incredible and there was a cloth s washing machine in the apartment. The price was very reasonable. The...”
28. Hoa Dao Hotel
No 713, Lac Long Quan, Phu Thuong, Tay Ho, Hanoi 10000, Vietnam
#28 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“I had to book this accommodation at the last minute because I had some problems with my Airbnb. The staff were so friendly and helpful, and they spoke great English. The breakfast was surprisingly good, even…”
29. Family Transit 2 Hotel
2 reviews
Di_n Xa, Quang Ti_n G_n San Bay N_i Bai, Soc Son 124115, Vietnam
#29 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“Very close to the airport and good places to eat in less then a block.”
30. Elegant Mansion 88
88 Ph_ Qu_ng An, Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
#30 Best Value of 4,504 places to stay in Hanoi
“This is a beautiful new hotel in a lakeside setting. It is a new hotel, so everything was totally pristine. The decor throughout was gorgeous. There was a lovely downstairs lounge / bar area, perfect for relaxing...”
Fortuna Hotel Hanoi
401 reviews
6B Lang Ha Street | Ba Dinh District, Hanoi 100000, Vietnam
13.6 miles from Noibai Airport
“I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...”
Previous
Next
123456…
Hotels Near Noibai Airport information
Hotels Near Noibai Airport, Hanoi
There are 195 Hotels close to Noibai Airport in Hanoi
Hotels Near Noibai Airport Reviews
There are 2,051 reviews on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Hotels Near Noibai Airport Photos
There are 2,434 photos on Tripadvisor for Hotels nearby
Nearest accommodation
0.30 mi
1,817 of 4,504 properties
Clear all filters
41 Hang Bong Street
Hoàn Kiếm
Hanoi 100000,
Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...
Best hotel in town. The staff is absolutely
qualified, kind and very helpful. They did an involuntary upgrade for us and the bedroom was bigger, comfortable and most of all, perfectly clean. Amazing international...
Ngo 683 D. L_c Long Quan
Tay Ho, Hanoi 100000,
I have a lovely experience at Layered restaurant. Food was variety and very good. Spectacular view of West Lake with family are things that make me feel good. Special thanks to Huyen, Ha and Ngoc for attentive...
I have a lovely experience at Layered restaurant.
Food was variety and very good. Spectacular view of West Lake with family are things that make me feel good. Special thanks to Huyen, Ha and Ngoc for attentive...
Dien Xa 1 Street
Dien Xa, Noi Bai Airport
Was originally planning on paying for lounge access at Hanoi airport as we had 9 hours to wait for our flight - however the Paragon was half the price of the airport and gave us the addition of private bathroom, b...
Was originally planning on paying for lounge
access at Hanoi airport as we had 9 hours to
Hanoi airport
wait for our flight - however the Paragon was half the price of the airport and gave us the addition of private bathroom, b...
10 Vo Nguyen Giap stresst
Thai Phu, Hanoi 100000,
I would absolutely recommend the Airport Classic Hotel for anyone needing to stay near the airport.
I would absolutely recommend the Airport Classic Hotel
for anyone needing to stay near the airport.
near the airport
21 Thai Phu, Vo Nguyen Giap Str
Hanoi 10000,
Big room, very friendly, I stopped by Noibai airport for a short layover, so I stayed here for 1 day and it’s very good and trust worthy hotel.
Big room, very friendly,
I stopped by Noibai airport for a short
Noibai airport
layover, so I stayed here for 1 day and it’s very good and trust worthy hotel.
C5, Do Nhuan Street, Xuan Dinh Ward, Bac Tu Liem District
Great new clean spacious rooms. Kids have a playground next to breakfast area. Simply perfect. Little bit out of town, 20 min, but next to the highway leading to and from the airport. Pleasant to have new...
Great new clean spacious rooms. Kids have a
playground next to breakfast area. Simply perfect. Little bit out of town, 20 min, but next to the highway leading to and from the airport. Pleasant to have new...
76 Yen Phu Street
Tay Ho District
Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...
Stayed here during a work travel. This hotel was
close to our event venue and the service is good. The location is also not bad as the famous old quarter is just 4km away and easily accessible by Grab. The only...
51 Xuan Di_u Street
Hanoi,
Staying at Fraser Suites is very much comfortable. Cynthia, the cleaner, always takes care the rooms sparkling clean. Thanks to her, we always have a good time.I think it's a lot of work, including cleaning…
Staying at Fraser Suites is very much
comfortable. Cynthia, the cleaner, always takes care the rooms sparkling clean. Thanks to her, we always have a good time.I think it's a lot of work, including cleaning…
2 Tay Ho Road
Whenever i travel to hanoi, i always use this hotel. i do not use other hotels. I took my family and friends on this trip. My friend used this hotel for the first time, she was very satisfied. The hotel is not…
Whenever i travel to hanoi, i always use this
hotel. i do not use other hotels. I took my family and friends on this trip. My friend used this hotel for the first time, she was very satisfied. The hotel is not…
Highest-rated hotel
National Route 2
1a, Cau Den, Phu Cuong, Noi Bai, Ha Noi
Ms. Han is very patiently responding to all my questions and update my location until my arrival time she monitored tru Whattsup and it makes me feel secured The room, the bed, the toilet was amazing This is h...
Ms. Han is very patiently responding to all my
Han
questions and update my location until my arrival time she monitored tru Whattsup and it makes me feel secured The room, the bed, the toilet was amazing This is h...
Thon D_i Quang
Ngọc Thanh
Phuc Yen 283537,
My wife and I had a really positive experience at Flamingo. The resort is beautiful and stunning with so many various outdoors experiences available: The walks around the lake, beautiful open grassy areas, as well...
My wife and I had a really positive experience at
Flamingo. The resort is beautiful and stunning with so many various outdoors experiences available: The walks around the lake, beautiful open grassy areas, as well...
17, Lane 35, Dang Thai Mai Street
Quang An, Tay Ho
We had the most lovely experience during our stay. The staff is extremely polite, helpful and well spoken. Chloe was super efficient, with a pleasant cheerful attitude. She ensured that the check of our entire…
We had the most lovely experience during our
stay. The staff is extremely polite, helpful and well spoken. Chloe was super efficient, with a pleasant cheerful attitude. She ensured that the check of our entire…
28 26, Hang Bot St
Hanoi +844,
A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff. Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...
A truly fantastic hotel with wonderful staff.
Quick and easy check in. Large comfortable room with everything you need including a safe. Friendly professional staff dedicated to delivering quality customer service...
96 To Ngoc Van Street, Quang An Ward, Tay Ho District
This one bedroom apartment in the Westlake district provided a counterpoint to our Hanoi Old Town experience. It is in a much quieter district. It is a secure compound with key access to the lifts that take you to...
This one bedroom apartment in the Westlake
district provided a counterpoint to our Hanoi Old Town experience. It is in a much quieter district. It is a secure compound with key access to the lifts that take you to...
15 Cau Den Street
Noi Bai Airport, Soc son District
Hanoi 844,
A perfect place to stay if you need to be close to the airport.
A perfect place
to stay if you need to be close to the airport.
close to the airport
5 Tu Hoa street
Tay Ho
Unique location and design, situated over the waters of West Lake in Hanoi. Great views, good glimpse of neighborhood life while affording all the usual comforts of a top hotel. Staff is very knowledgeable and...
Unique location and design, situated over the
waters of West Lake in Hanoi. Great views, good glimpse of neighborhood life while affording all the usual comforts of a top hotel. Staff is very knowledgeable and...
491-493 Lac Long Quan street
Hanoi +84-4,
I was meant to stay only one night but because of illness ended up staying 3 nights. The staff and manager could not have been more helpful or nicer. The rooms are all that you need and clean. There is plenty of...
I was meant to stay only one night but because of
illness ended up staying 3 nights. The staff and manager could not have been more helpful or nicer. The rooms are all that you need and clean. There is plenty of...
699 Lac Long Quan
Phu Thuong Ward, Tay Ho District
It's awesome place to stay for solo trip when you in hanoi, the room is spacious, complete amenities, reception is very profesional and helpful. location is quite far but still around to westlake it just in…
It's awesome place to stay for solo trip when you
in hanoi, the room is spacious, complete amenities, reception is very profesional and helpful. location is quite far but still around to westlake it just in…
84 Tran Nhan Tong Street
Hai Ba Trung District
A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...
A historic and elegant Art Decor hotel with a
charm all of its own. A wonderful and warm greeting from check in to check out. All of the staff are so very friendly, professional and so very giving, nothing is too...
15 F Ngo 9 - D_ng Thai Mai, Qu_ng An
Tay Ho, Hanoi,
Great place and amenities little bit far from centre but near lots of café & restaurants. Download the Grab taxi app cheap quick taxis. Staff on site lovely and helpful. I couldn't pick a better place to stay. I...
Great place and amenities little bit far from
centre but near lots of café & restaurants. Download the Grab taxi app cheap quick taxis. Staff on site lovely and helpful. I couldn't pick a better place to stay. I...
11 Xuan Dieu
K5 Nghi Tam, Tay Ho
We had a great time staying here! The rooms are immaculate and the beds are really comfy. Breakfast and dinner options are great and the food is high quality. The staff are amazing and really helpful. I can't…
We had a great time staying here! The rooms are
immaculate and the beds are really comfy. Breakfast and dinner options are great and the food is high quality. The staff are amazing and really helpful. I can't…
48 Xuan Dieu Str
Room was cosy, got a room on the 2nd floor with the lake view, spacious for a solo traveller, hotel staff is great, greeted with a warm welcome, breakfast menu as expected, fresh cooked meal, breakfast was served...
Room was cosy, got a room on the 2nd floor with
the lake view, spacious for a solo traveller, hotel staff is great, greeted with a warm welcome, breakfast menu as expected, fresh cooked meal, breakfast was served...
21 Alley 67 To Ngoc Van
If you’re visiting Hanoi, definitely stay here! Amazing rooms and amenities, both private and dorms. Amazing service, everyone so friendly and welcoming. Manager Mike could not do enough for you and always went...
If you’re visiting Hanoi, definitely stay here!
Amazing rooms and amenities, both private and dorms. Amazing service, everyone so friendly and welcoming. Manager Mike could not do enough for you and always went...
8B Pho Cho Phu Cuong, Road 2, Phu Cuong Commune, Noi Bai
8B Phố chợ phú cường , Đường 2, Xã Phú Cường, Huyện Sóc Sơn,Nội Bài,
I had one night stay here because I arrived in Hanoi very late night. The room is clean, friendly staff, very helpful and warm They helped me and my friends so much when we confused about calling taxi early...
I had one night stay here because I arrived in
Hanoi very late night. The room is clean, friendly staff, very helpful and warm They helped me and my friends so much when we confused about calling taxi early...
287-301 Doi Can Street
We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days, on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...
We stayed in this hotel last month, for 4 days,
on a business trip. Neat place, great lobby on each floor and good amenities. Helpful staff. Clean rooms and good service One thing that was really odd was they...
Nga 3 D_c Day Di_u
Soc Son,
Place is really nice. We’ve been there right before Christmas, so tasty decorations everywhere. The overall design is very modern, successfully combining wood and stone. Staff is very polite and helpful, food…
Place is really nice. We’ve been there right
before Christmas, so tasty decorations everywhere. The overall design is very modern, successfully combining wood and stone. Staff is very polite and helpful, food…
52 Yen Phu, Tay ho
Hanoi 84,
Nice hotel just a little rough around the edges. But we didn't go to Hanoi for 5☆ . Our room on the 7th floor had beautiful big windows over looking West Lake what more could you ask for. The free WIFI worked…
Nice hotel just a little rough around the edges.
But we didn't go to Hanoi for 5☆ . Our room on the 7th floor had beautiful big windows over looking West Lake what more could you ask for. The free WIFI worked…
106 Xuan Dieu , Tay Ho
Hanoi 8443,
Wild Lotus Hotel offers small but clean, well-appointed and affordable rooms in a good area near the West Lake. You will find a neighborhood-like atmosphere, plenty of restaurants and shops, a shopping center, and...
Wild Lotus Hotel offers small but clean,
well-appointed and affordable rooms in a good area near the West Lake. You will find a neighborhood-like atmosphere, plenty of restaurants and shops, a shopping center, and...
Area A Dailai Lake Cao Minh Commune
Phuc Yen 3320001,
Choose here thanks to a reference of my friends’. Not expect much at first but things turn out beyond my expectations. Welcomed by great manner of staffs, good food and clean room-service with a reasonable...
Choose here thanks to a reference of my friends’.
Not expect much at first but things turn out beyond my expectations. Welcomed by great manner of staffs, good food and clean room-service with a reasonable...
42B Hang Cot
Hang Ma
Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…
Stayed in hanoiancentral hotel and spa with our
friends for 4 day . The room was great and yhe breakfast was so amazing with pho . The staff is vwry friendly and helpful esspecial ms tiffany and ms molly . The…
185A Trich Sai
Great experience, everyone is so lovely. Comfortable rooms, super clean, everything is so close by, very convenient. Mark is fantastic , He helped arrange car from 22 Land Residence to Moon West Lake Hotel and…
Great experience, everyone is so lovely.
Comfortable rooms, super clean, everything is so close by, very convenient. Mark is fantastic , He helped arrange car from 22 Land Residence to Moon West Lake Hotel and…
No. 30, Vong Thi Street
Tay Ho, Hanoi 10000,
VNAHomes Apart Hotel is amazing. I stayed for a week in a brand new beautiful king room. The Shower was incredible and there was a cloth s washing machine in the apartment. The price was very reasonable. The...
VNAHomes Apart Hotel is amazing. I stayed for a
week in a brand new beautiful king room. The Shower was incredible and there was a cloth s washing machine in the apartment. The price was very reasonable. The...
No 713, Lac Long Quan, Phu Thuong, Tay Ho
I had to book this accommodation at the last minute because I had some problems with my Airbnb. The staff were so friendly and helpful, and they spoke great English. The breakfast was surprisingly good, even…
I had to book this accommodation at the last
minute because I had some problems with my Airbnb. The staff were so friendly and helpful, and they spoke great English. The breakfast was surprisingly good, even…
Di_n Xa, Quang Ti_n G_n San Bay N_i Bai
Soc Son 124115,
Very close to the airport and good places to eat in less then a block.
Very close to the airport and good places to eat
in less then a block.
88 Ph_ Qu_ng An
This is a beautiful new hotel in a lakeside setting. It is a new hotel, so everything was totally pristine. The decor throughout was gorgeous. There was a lovely downstairs lounge / bar area, perfect for relaxing...
This is a beautiful new hotel in a lakeside
setting. It is a new hotel, so everything was totally pristine. The decor throughout was gorgeous. There was a lovely downstairs lounge / bar area, perfect for relaxing...
6B Lang Ha Street
Ba Dinh District
I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...
I was at fortuna on th14, 15 and 16th of
November. I enjoyed the stay as the hotel staff were very friendly and welcoming. Food was lovely but I thought a little bit monotonous. Night club at the basement is a...
1
2
4
5
6
…
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
