Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Da Nang
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamDa NangDa Nang HotelsDa Nang Hotels with Sauna
THE 10 BEST Hotels with Sauna in Da Nang
Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
Enter dates to find the best prices
Check In
— / — / —
Check Out
Guests
1 room, 2 adults, 0 children
View map
Popular
5 Star
Breakfast included
Luxury
Property types
B&Bs & Inns
Hostels
Specialty lodgings
Show more
View Vacation Rentals
Amenities
Free Wifi
Pool
Free parking
Show all
Distance from
25 mi
The Marble Mountains
Ba Na Hills
Dragon Bridge
Lady Buddha
Traveler rating
& up
Hotel class
4 Star
3 Star
2 Star
Style
Budget
Mid-range
Family-friendly
Brands
OYO
RedDoorz
Melia
Hyatt Regency
118 of 2601 properties are available and match your filters.
Clear all filters
Sort by:
Best Value
Sauna
Hotels & Motels
Best Seller
1. HAIAN Beach Hotel & Spa
Show prices
Enter dates to see prices
View on map
3,048 reviews
#1 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Great staff. Great location. Walking distance to all the good food. Right across the street from the beach. Elsa was awesome upon check in. The room was great as well. Very spacious and nice bathroom. I would stay..."
2. Furama Resort Danang
5,329 reviews
#2 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"I stayed with my parents for 2 nights and 3 days. They were so nice and comfortable The pool is good, and the breakfast is delicious! I recommend it if you're traveling with your family! The bed is comfortable and..."
3. Golden Lotus Grand Hotel Da Nang
668 reviews
#3 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Golden lotus grand very good and modest. Restaurants very clean and breakfast delicious have a lot of options for me. Swimming pool very nice and good view. Staff in reception very kind and friendly Mina Khan Tien..."
4. Sala Danang Beach Hotel
2,264 reviews
#4 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The place is close to the beach and it has everything we need while being affordable. Everyone is friendly and helpful especially Tram at the front desk. It has gym/little kid clubs and the pool. We stayed at the..."
2023
5. Diamond Sea Hotel
1,820 reviews
#5 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Go visit Emma in the lomilomi spa at the Diamond Sea Hotel for the best foot massage . Calming , relaxing also facial massage . Your stay at the Diamond sea hotel won’t be complete until you visit Emma in the..."
"Polite and friendly staff. Nice food and variety of choices for breakfast. Good service. Very good housekeeping service. Near to My Khe beach and have nice rooftop view of the beach. Sky Bar has the very nice view..."
Visit hotel website
6. Le Sands Oceanfront Danang Hotel
907 reviews
#6 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The hotel was very clean and all step was very kind and they gave us good service. I was very satisfied. Breakfast was very nice. All bread was very good. The staff so friendly. Chi help me get the ID i forget in..."
"10 it is the best hotel that we have ever stayed at We have been coming here for 4 years And it is my second home All rooms face the sea and a beautiful clean beach The staff are amazing from the person That..."
7. G8 Luxury Hotel and Spa Da Nang
814 reviews
#7 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The staff is especially friendly and helpful. I enjoyed visiting with Ruby and sharing about my faith in Jesus and she was happy to accept my card with the QR code that allows access to the Bible in Vietnamese and..."
All Inclusive
8. Brilliant Hotel
3,277 reviews
#8 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"the first i'm so impress with location, super center city, near everthing that i want: Han market, Masssage and many famous coffee and restaurant. Shout out for guy from Customere care service, he is so helpful and..."
9. Sheraton Grand Danang Resort & Convention Center
949 reviews
#9 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Our hotel staff is Hien! She was very kind and sweet. Her service is very good . She provided us with a good room and tried to tell us a lot. We were moved by her service. We will want to come here again because of..."
"The rooms are beautiful and the staff are second to none. They are so helpful and polite. The food is also amazing and tasty. The location is ideal and having the pool right by the ocean is lovely. Would definitely..."
10. TMS Hotel Da Nang Beach
1,089 reviews
#10 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Staff were very attentive and friendly, food was fantastic and rooms were comfortable. Good location across from the beach. Close to all attractions! Had a great celebration for International Women's Day! Chef Huang..."
11. Hyatt Regency Danang Resort & Spa
3,466 reviews
#11 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The spa treatment was so good! Undeniably they are well trained. I chose 30 minutes of head & neck massage and another 30 minutes of full body scrub. Love the smell of coffee and coconut scrub! It was so relaxing..."
12. Pullman Danang Beach Resort
2,234 reviews
#12 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Amazing stay at Pullman Da Nang ! Great welcome at check in from Hieu, he was very kind to answer our questions on the facilities of the hotel and checked for late check out possibility, mocktail on arrival was a..."
"Right after I arrived at Da Nang airport, the hotel staff were waiting for me with a big smile, fresh wet towels, and chilled water. While we were heading to the hotel, the guest service staff explained the city’s..."
13. Vanda Hotel
1,111 reviews
#13 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"We stayed in Vanda Hotel for 5 days. Breakfast is good, location is convenient to walk around. Front Office Team are friendly especially Tuyen, Vy, Binh, Tung, Tuan, Tri. The rooms are clean thanks to Cong, Hau..."
14. Naman Retreat
3,779 reviews
#14 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"We ended this year's Asia trip with a 10 day relaxing stay at Naman retreat. This was our 2nd stay at this resort/the first in 2017, which we had wonderful memories of/. Already the airport transfer provided by..."
15. Paris Deli Hotel
2,348 reviews
#15 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"We liked room size and view over the coastline / sea Fruit on first day clean and tidy high floor attentive, friendly staff roof top swimming pool and bar/lounge area very good Good choice for breakfast - good..."
16. Yarra Ocean Suites Danang
775 reviews
#16 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Good view, good breakfast. I rent 2 apartment. 1 room for 5 people. When put extra bed the door cannot close. No mirror for this room. Location of hotel is very good. You can see the sea from balcony. Have..."
17. Novotel Danang Premier Han River
3,961 reviews
#17 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Thanks a lot because that's memorable trip. Thuan, Luccie abd Ngoc really professional. good consultants, go places to eat. Prmier is vert homey and friendly. I will come back soon. Everything from Lounge always..."
18. Estrella Boutique Hotel
85 reviews
#18 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Amazing view, pool, hotel and room design, staff… more than expected. Very well organised and the ladies at the reception speak English pretty well. It’s a four star hotel with European standards. I can recommend..."
"The location of the hotel is very strategic with lots of restaurants and marts nearby. The staffs are very friendly too. Besides, the breakfast is great. There are variety of choices and the food is delicious. Will..."
Top Rated
19. Wyndham Danang Golden Bay
1,021 reviews
#19 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"This Hotel is good for every all offacillity especially The swimming fool is fNntastic. Behavior of these staff here are friendly. Breakfast in here is good and dilicious. I will go there next time in my vacation. I..."
20. Melia Danang Beach Resort
1,830 reviews
#20 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Very good and nice place for holidays. Staff are nice and gentle and beautiful place and nice beach and good food and nice cleaner and yummy buffet and also have afternoon tea for guests and free transportation from..."
"There was maintenance work going on at various locations around the resort during our stay which took away from the relaxing time we expected. One of the pools was out of action and part of the work involved the..."
21. Balcona Hotel Da Nang
1,171 reviews
#21 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Very nice hotel and good services. The receptionist always say hello to us, they even keep our lugguage, Lily is so kind snd friendly. Thank you Balcona team ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ they request 200 characters..."
"So quite and comfortble. I recommend to stay here. Bes and pillow is 2type . It is good adjuest to my heck hight. But. Showe head is not good water is little spletter. But it is not big issue. And some guy is..."
22. New Orient Hotel
1,271 reviews
#22 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The location was amazing! Over all hygiene nothing to say! They have an amazing spa, roof top bar and a pool! All the staff were so friendly and kind, made us feel like we are at home! A hotel we define fly want to..."
23. Sofiana My Khe Hotel & Spa
577 reviews
#23 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Great location, close to restaurants and the beach (beach bar and Coco surfing school/rental). Super friendly people. Great breakfast (with lots of service). Spacious room with a bath tub. Would highly recommend..."
24. TIA Wellness Resort - Spa Inclusive
2,429 reviews
#24 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Me and my girlfriend spended 3 wonderful nights @ TIA Welness resort! Our stay was more than just awesome! Beginning with our lovely room with private pool, starting the day with an incredible breakfast buffet..."
25. Cicilia Hotels & Spa Danang
237 reviews
#25 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Son was very helpful and kind. Breakfast was good so many food choices. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Da Nang. Beautiful hotel and close to everything you need especially food. The swimming very..."
26. Hadana Boutique Hotel
1,945 reviews
#26 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"The service was good. Deserves a 5 star, clean room and hospitable hosts. The breakfast buffet is superb with a very nice skyscraper view of the city. The staff are accomodating. The hotel is near to other..."
27. Danang Marriott Resort & Spa
2,032 reviews
#27 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Excellent property. But we faced a problem in 2 of the 4 rooms booked, 1 room was smelly. In spite of booking King bed room well in advance, they provided 1 room with twin beds. I had to take up with my travel..."
"Fabulous stay! Visit was a mix of business and family holiday. Da Nang is absolutely gorgeous and relaxing and the Marriott Resort Danang was the perfect choice for the visit. Excellent staff, wonderful rooms..."
28. Fivitel Boutique Da Nang
393 reviews
#28 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Pros - Staff were helpful and interactive, they try their best. Special mention to Cara who checked in on us and made good suggestions. Location of hotel is good with good cafes and food places within walking..."
"This has to be the best hotel I have ever stayed in. I had an unforgettable experience. The staff were fantastic and I will miss Julia, Anna, Viann, Annie, Cindy and Carla to name a few. I’m sorry that I can’t..."
29. Val Soleil Hotel
62 reviews
#29 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"Absolutely wonderful stay here. The hotel has a pool, gym, spa, dining, free breakfast etc so lots to offer and in a great location for great value. What stood out to us most was the amazing service from staff..."
"Such a great hotel in the heart of Da Nang. We felt so at ease from the moment we walked in the door. A special shout out and thanks to Kate the Food and Beverage Manager who seemed always there to help, including..."
30. Olalani Resort & Condotel
88 reviews
#30 Best Value of 118 Da Nang Hotels with Sauna
"We are currently staying at the hotel. This hotel requires updating and TLC. The location of the hotel is great and is on the beach, which if beautiful. We have a large room that works for us as a family of four..."
"This could be an amazing hotel w just a little up keep. Most of the hotel is not in working order. The room was very comfortable but not as clean as I hoped. The kids had a great time swimming in the 3 opened pools..."
Hotels with Sauna nearby destinations
Hoi An
This city on the central Vietnamese coast is a well-preserved example of the important Southeast Asian trading port it was from the 15th-19th centuries. Already a common stop for backpackers, it is becoming better known to tourists. On the 14th day of each lunar month, the town trades its electric lights for traditional colored lanterns. Sights include the Japanese Covered Bridge and the Quan Cong Temple. Let the town’s expert tailors make you some bespoke clothing.
Read more
Quang Nam Province
Thua Thien - Hue Province
Hue
Hue is clustered around the Perfume River, which splits the capital of the Nguyễn Dynasty in two. There are endless must-see historic sites, especially those that are UNESCO World Heritage designated. Sightseeing can include the ornate Imperial Citadel, colorful Thanh Toan Bridge, royal tombs and the Forbidden Purple City. Spend a moment in quiet contemplation if you visit Hue Jungle Crevice, where thousands of citizens were pushed to their deaths.
Popular destinations for Hotels with Sauna
Bangkok
Golden palaces, floating markets, majestic porcelain-laid spires…you've never seen a capital city quite like Bangkok. Visit Pratunam or Siam Square for premium shopping, then unwind in the European-style gardens of Dusit. Thon Buri is home to the awesome Wat Arun temple, and over in Phra Nakhon, you’ll find the Wat Pho temple of the Reclining Buddha. Savor mango sticky rice at a food stall before taking in the gilded splendor of the Grand Palace.
Macau
Formerly administered by the Portuguese, this high-energy city on the South China Sea is world-famous as a gaming destination and has also begun attracting visitors with an increasing array of shows, entertainment, and nightlife. The city's historic center, with its rich blend of Chinese and European architecture and culture, has been designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Mindoro
Ise
Ahmednagar
Uznezya
Astrakhan Oblast
Golan Heights
Bryansk
Popular Da Nang Categories
Family Resorts
Boutique Hotels
Downtown Hotels
Hotels with Infinity Pools
Cheap Hotels
Luxury Resorts
Hotels with Private Beach
Hotels with Shuttle
5 Star Resorts
Wedding Hotels
1
2
3
4
5
6
…
Hotels with Sauna information
Hotels with Sauna Da Nang
118
Hotels with Sauna Prices From
$10
Hotels with Sauna Reviews
76,016
Hotels with Sauna Photos
75,914
Frequently Asked Questions about hotels with sauna
What are the best hotels with sauna near Jolie Danang Cooking Class?
Do any hotels with sauna in Da Nang have a pool?
Which hotels with sauna are close to Da Nang Airport?
What are the best hotels with sauna in Da Nang?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang offer a gym?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang have rooms with a private balcony?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang have rooms with great views?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang are romantic?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang offer an adult pool?
Which hotels with sauna in Da Nang are good for families?
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Da Nang Hotels
1 room
2 adults
0 children
118 of 2601
Select dates to find the best prices for your trip
March 2024
SUN
MON
TUE
WED
THU
FRI
SAT
25
26
27
28
29
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
30
31
April 2024
Tonight
Next weekend
