12 essential travel tips for your next trip to Paris
This travel guide will help you plan your trip, save some money, and make the best of your visit to Paris.
Read now
Discover
Trips
Review
USD
Sign in
Halong Bay
Hotels
Things to Do
Restaurants
Flights
Vacation Rentals
Travel Stories
Cruises
Rental Cars
AsiaVietnamQuang Ninh ProvinceHalong BayThings to Do in Halong BayNature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay
THE 10 BEST Halong Bay Nature & Wildlife Tours
Nature & Wildlife Tours in Halong Bay
Enter dates
Sort
All things to do
Category types
Attractions
Tours
Day Trips
Outdoor Activities
Food & Drink
Events
Shopping
Transportation
Show less
Boat Tours
Kayaking & Canoeing
Boat Rentals
Nature & Wildlife Tours
Show all
Price
$0 - $500 +
Duration
Up to 1 hour
1 to 4 hours
4 hours to 1 day
Traveler rating
& up
Languages
English
French
German
Spanish
Show more
Popular Attractions
Old Quarter
Sung Sot Cave
Lan Ha Bay
Special offers
Likely to Sell Out
Special Offers
Discover Lake of the Ozarks
Find out why travelers like you are raving about Lake of the Ozarks
Explore now
609 places sorted by featured
Clear all filters
1. Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
2,621
Classic Car Tours
2 days
=> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are #THE-BEST. And this is BEST-SELLING-TOUR of all time ever! => After click on "Check…
Free cancellation
Recommended by 95% of travelers
from
$149
per adult
Reserve
2023
2. Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
1,861
Full-day Tours
6+ hours
Our boat takes you to remote parts of the Bay and ensures you experience its tranquility away from the crowds of other tourist…
Recommended by 99% of travelers
$38
3. Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
82
Historical Tours
Halong Bay day trip from Hanoi - best choice when you don't have much time Taking a day cruise in UNESCO-listed Halong …
Recommended by 97% of travelers
$39
SPECIAL OFFER
4. Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
654
12–13 hours
When you choose Vietnam for your vacation but if you don't have much time, a one day trip to Halong Bay will be what you…
$52$47
5. LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
53
Bus Tours
===> Halong Bay Cruise Hunters - we are ranked # 1 of 140 tours on Tripadvisor with GREAT REVIEWS, u can visit our listing…
$175
6. Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
30
Cable Car Tours
3 days
Many options at this tour if you click and check availability. We have tours to Lan Ha Bay, Halong Bay, Bai Tu Long Bay. # …
Recommended by 93% of travelers
$299
Avoid the crowds on the Loneliest Road in America
"The Loneliest Highway In America" may be one of the country's best kept secrets. Rich history, few crowds, and jaw-dropping beauty await you on this 408 mile journey through one of the most remote places in America. Throw on your favorite record, turn up that stereo, and enjoy the ride. -Renee Roaming
View now
7. Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
107
Ha Long Venezia offers a classic, nature-friendly cruise experience, featuring activities such as kayaking and biking. Our…
$126
8. Symphony Luxury Day Cruise from Hanoi By Express Limousine Bus
11–12 hours
Halong Symphony Cruise has always embraced a noble mission: to transmit a message of unity in protecting nature. Additionally…
$105
9. Bhaya 2-Day Halong Bay Tour with Optional Hanoi Transfer by Bus
692
Adventure Tours
One day to explore Halong Bay is simply not enough. Discover the UNESCO World Heritage Site at leisure during a 2-day cruise…
$203
10. Full Day Tour Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay on 5tar Premium Cruise
9
No trip to the north of Vietnam is complete without a visit to Halong Bay. There are more than 1,600 islets in the bay, …
$125
11. Halong Bay 2 Days 1 Night Cruise
38
Luxury Car Tours
The journey to discover Halong Bay 2 days 1 night will be a great way to experience the wonder of the world created swimming…
$129
12. Le Journey Cruise Luxury Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay 3 Days Tour
1
Private and Luxury
Start cruising from Halong Bay to Lan Ha Bay for explore a quiet paradise area.Our itinerary is unique and different, we…
$305
13. Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
3
Jet Boat Rentals
7–12 hours
Jade Sails is Top Luxury Cruise in Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay offer riding highest luxurious comfort limousine via new expressway…
$110
14. Halong Bay 2D1N With Transfer To/From Hanoi - Overnight On Cruise
14
Caving
A good choice for those who want to enjoy Halong Bay with nice experience. We offer from 3-star to 5-star cruise with friendly…
Recommended by 100% of travelers
$127
15. Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
For everyone who wants to experience the landscapes of the heritage region of Cat Ba archipelago and Ha Long Bay. We organize…
$26
16. Halong Bay day tour 4 hours Cruise from Hanoi city
7
8–9 hours
4 hours boat tour to visit the striking, passages uninhabited islets and outcrops have been given imaginative names by the…
$15
17. HALONG BEST SELLER -5 Star Day Cruise: Buffet Lunch, Wine& Fruit
Spring Break
6–12 hours
The best way to explore Halong Bay is book a tour with cruise. We are proud that we are the best 5 stars luxury cruise day…
$48
18. Jadesails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay
5
4WD Tours
JADESAILS CRUISE- THE MOST LUXURIOUS DAY TOUR IN HALONG BAY & LAN HA BAY HIGHLIGHTS: -02 hours riding with Luxurious comfort…
19. Amazing Sails - Luxury Halong Bay Day Trip from Hanoi
13
 Long and unique route allow to explore many further corners of Ha Long Bay in 5.5 - 6 hours cruising  Visit cave and …
Recommended by 92% of travelers
$101
20. Full-Day Ha Long Bay Tour from Hanoi
11
6–10 hours
Embark on an unforgettable journey aboard a luxurious cruise ship, your floating sanctuary amidst the beauty of Ha Long …
$42
11 stops that prove Louisville is a cultural hub
Louisville is brimming with rich history, art of all kinds, and architecture that's not to be missed. Check out these must-stop cultural attractions in Kentucky's biggest city.
21. DELUXE Halong Bay Full Day Tour From Hanoi - Daily Operated 2022-2023
176
6–13 hours
If style and speed are important to you, experience the spectacular marine landscapes of Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay on the…
$40
22. Halong Bay Overnight Cruise With Full Activities Kayak, Swim, Cave, and Meals...
2
Kayaking Tours
Spend 2 days cruising around Halong Bay. Highlights include Sung Sot Cave and Titop Island (they are most beautiful & famous…
$135
23. 3-Days Cruise in Ha Long Bay- Heritage Discovery from Hanoi
3-Days Cruise in Ha Long Bay- Heritage Discovery from Hanoi : *Spend two days cruising Halong Bay with meals and activities…
$295
24. The Halong Catamaran Premium Cruise - Lan Ha Bay Cruise Trip
32
Lunch Cruises
6 hours
The Halong Catamaran - the premium cruise line that offers the perfect mix of traditional elegance and modern comfort. You…
$79
25. Ha Long Bay Six Hours Trip Kayaking & Swimming on Beach
124
5–6 hours
• The premier cruise in Halong Bay • Exploring the biggest cave in Halong Bay area • Free outdoor activity with Kayaking…
Recommended by 98% of travelers
26. Dora Cruise - Luxury 5 Star Cruise in Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay (2D1N)
31
Dora Cruise is steel-hulled which ensure safety for clients. With 22 fully equipped luxurious cabins with private balcony…
$199
27. Halong Bay 1 Day on Deluxe Cruise with transfer and lunch
112
This is the lowest price Halong Bay tour for budget travelers who wish to visit Halong Bay 1 day with longest route and …
Recommended by 94% of travelers
$32
28. Jade Sails Cruise - The Most Luxurious Day Tour In Halong Bay
Welcome to experience the new definition of contemporary luxury. We offer not only a luxury cruise service of the highest…
29. Halong Bay Luxury Day Cruise - Buffet Lunch - Express Transfer
56
Highlight: - Buffet lunch on boat, Sunset Party - Small group tour - Transportation go on express way - Same ititnerary…
$64
30. Sapphire Cruise 3 Days Tour into Halong Bay (2 Nights on Boat )
Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay are two water paradises in the top 10 most spectacular beautiful water bays in the world. As a…
$315
…
Showing results 1-30 of 609
*Likely to sell out: Based on Viator’s booking data and information from the provider from the past 30 days, it seems likely this experience will sell out through Viator, a Tripadvisor company.
What travelers are saying
Shekhaar G
2 contributions
0
Best cruise experience
Very good food and boat ride and a lot of activities, staff were very friendly and cooperative. Will definitely come back in future.
Review of: Top 1 Tier: All-Inclusive OVERNIGHT Halong Cruises - many options
Written March 10, 2024
This review is the subjective opinion of a Tripadvisor member and not of Tripadvisor LLC. Tripadvisor performs checks on reviews.
Cyril M
1 contribution
The best of all our trips in Vietnam
We absolutely loved the tour organised by Cat Ba Ventures. It was so much fun with jumping off the boat from roughly 5meters high and did some flips. The kayaking was phenomenal to see amazing stalactites and stalagmites in caves and serene lagoons. Hang was the best and also the highlight of our trip who made this trip special. It worths paying extra money than 32$!
Read more
Review of: Lan Ha - Ha Long Bay 1 Day boat trip - Kayaking from Cat Ba, avoid the crowds.
Alun C
Falkirk, UK1 contribution
Ha Long bay trip from Hanoi
Fantastic trip. Would definitely recommend it. It was cloudy but still spectacular and the cave is amazing. The highlight of my trip to Hanoi.
Review of: Halong Bay Full Day With Cave, Kayaking And Swimming - Highway Transfer
Written February 28, 2024
Shruti
Best experience
It was an amazing trip! Sunny was a great host, very funny and engaging! Highly recommend this trip for Halong Bay! We booked via Get Your Guide
Review of: Halong Bay Deluxe Day Tour
GoPlaces57812029474
Melbourne, Australia2 contributions
Halong Bay Cruise
We really loved this cruise and would definitely recommend it to all our friends and family! The staff were so kind and accomodating, they even upgraded our room for free and helped us with whatever we needed. Our room came with our own private balcony and a jacuzzi. The food on board was spectacular, with lunch and dinner having multiple courses. The boat and the room was very clean and well kept. It was super fun doing the activities and we took full advantage of them.
Review of: LIKE A BOSS-Luxury options-2d/1n All inclusive in Halong Bay
Written January 23, 2024
Ian
United States2 contributions
Amazing!!
Awesome tour make sure you do 2 nights! You won’t regret !! I will be back on day that’s for sure
Really loved every minute ..
Review of: Breathless> HALONG -LAN HA -ALL Inclusive 3 days /2 nights cruise
Written January 27, 2024
Scenic33275076307
Wonderful 😍😍
It was wonderful , halong bay is a beautiful area and tour guide was very helpful.

Cuuse was also good, food was also gud
Thanks Mr T
Review of: Halong Bay 2 days on classic cruise, small group, biking-kayaking
Elinor S
3 contributions
Beautiful boat, well organised cruise of Ha Long Bay
Brilliant trip! We did this as part of our honeymoon and it didn’t disappoint. We were luck the weather was quite clear and we could see a lot. Henry was an excellent host and the staff were all lovely, including morning Tai Chi ok the top of the boat.
The days are full with lots of activities. Kayaking was fun though you will get wet from the waves of the tenders speeding by. Our tour of the Hang Sung Sot cave was great. We were first in. Squid fishing and tai chi were other highlights.
Henry and the team even threw in an extra surprise for our honeymoon too.
Review of: Bhaya 2-Day Halong Bay Tour with Optional Hanoi Transfer by Bus
Written March 6, 2024
athanasios p
Bellevue17 contributions
Once in a lifetime experience
Ha Long Bay was at the top of my list for this vacation, and it exceeded expectations. It's so incredibly beautiful! I really enjoyed being able to swim in the bay surrounded by gorgeous views, and the team at Paradise Indochina was superb. I also used this company to visit the Ba Vi mountains, which were stunning. Both tour guides, Tom and Sonny, were extremely professional, as well.
Review of: Full Day Tour Halong Bay & Lan Ha Bay on 5tar Premium Cruise
Written October 30, 2022
Ken E
San Diego, CA4 contributions
Highly recommend
As advertised, experience was awesome! Tour guide was knowledgeable, attentive and staff were excellent. Definitely recommend.
Review of: Halong Bay 2 Days 1 Night Cruise
Pushkar Raj
Bengaluru, India3 contributions
Day trip to halong bay and Lan Ha Bay
Serene surroundings ,natures hues at its best .Must do activity. The jade sails staff of VInny,Quin, Huong made it very informative and comfortable
Review of: Jade Sails - Luxury Day Tour on Halong Bay and Lan Ha Bay
Written February 9, 2024
Phb2002
All goods 2 days 1 night on cruise
Pick up from Hotel and the whole organization was great. The guide provided us interesting information about Hanoi and the various places we saw during our trip in Halong bay. The food on the cruise was excellent with various dishes to share. There are many activities (visiting the surprising cave, kayaking, seeing monkeys, a short walk to a point where you had a great view at Halong Bay, learning how to make Springrolls...), but still enough time to relax and take great pictures. During these (more or less) 24 hours on the ship, we had a very good time ! PS: take some warm clothes with you in january ;)
Review of: Halong Bay 2D1N With Transfer To/From Hanoi - Overnight On Cruise
Written January 22, 2023
Tasneem Z
Great! Book if you can!
The tour guides were super kind and nice! Everything was smooth and timely! Had fun on the bikes and kayaking even in the chilly cloudy weather!
Review of: Best love - Full Day Boat Tour to Lan Ha Bay and Ha Long Bay
Written February 26, 2024
Frequently Asked Questions about Halong Bay
Which experiences are best for nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay?
What are the best places for nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay?
Which places provide the best nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay for kids and families?
Which places provide the best nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay for couples?
Which places provide the best nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay for groups?
Which places provide the best nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay for travelers on a budget?
How to find the best hidden gems in your destination
While famed landmarks and popular tourist attractions are part of every good travel itinerary, hidden gems serve up the adventure and variety you crave in a long-awaited trip. The trick is knowing how to find them.
$ USD
United States
© 2024 Tripadvisor LLC All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Privacy and Cookies Statement
Cookie consent
Site Map
How the site works
Contact us
This is the version of our website addressed to speakers of English in the United States. If you are a resident of another country or region, please select the appropriate version of Tripadvisor for your country or region in the drop-down menu. more
Asia
Vietnam
Quang Ninh Province
Things to Do in Halong Bay
Nature & wildlife tours in Halong Bay
1.
2.
3.
4.
$52
$47
5.
6.
7.
8.
9.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
Falkirk, UK
Melbourne, Australia
Bellevue
17 contributions
San Diego, CA
4 contributions
Bengaluru, India
